languages/C#.md, before:

## Alphabetical index of projects in C35:

|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|---    |---    |---    |---    |---    |---    |    ---|
|[A](#a)|[B](#b)|[C](#c)|[D](#d)|[E](#e)|[F](#f)|[G](#g)|
|[H](#h)|[I](#i)|[J](#j)|[K](#k)|[L](#l)|[M](#m)|[N](#n)|
|[O](#o)|[P](#p)|[Q](#q)|[R](#r)|[S](#s)|[T](#t)|[U](#u)|
|[V](#v)|[W](#w)|[X](#x)|[Y](#y)|[Z](#z)|       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |

<br>

## A

[**alba**](https://github.com/JasperFx/alba) is a tool for better integration testing against ASP.Net Core applications.

---
[**AspNetKatana**](https://github.com/aspnet/AspNetKatana) is a flexible set of components for building and hosting OWIN-based web applications on .NET Framework.

---
[**Atata**](https://github.com/atata-framework/atata) is an open source C#/.NET test automation full featured framework based on Selenium WebDriver. It uses fluent page object pattern with built-in logging. Atata Framework is extensible and contains a set of components, triggers and much more.

---
[**AutoMapper**](https://github.com/AutoMapper/AutoMapper) is a convention-based object-object mapper in .NET. http://automapper.org

---
[**AzureIntegration**](https://github.com/aspnet/AzureIntegration) - Features that integrate ASP.NET Core with Azure.

## B

[**benchmarks**](https://github.com/aspnet/benchmarks) - Benchmarks for ASP.NET Core including (but not limited to) scenarios from the TechEmpower Web Framework Benchmarks.

---
[**Blazor**](https://github.com/aspnet/Blazor) is a .NET web framework using C#/Razor and HTML that runs in the browser with WebAssembly. https://blazor.net/

---
[**BotBuilder**](https://github.com/Microsoft/BotBuilder) is one of three main components of the Microsoft Bot Framework. The Microsoft Bot Framework provides just what you need to build and connect intelligent bots that interact naturally wherever your users are talking, from text/SMS to Skype, Slack, Office 365 mail and other popular services. http://botframework.com

---
[**BuildTools**](https://github.com/aspnet/BuildTools) - Utilities used in the build system for projects that are used with ASP.NET Core and Entity Framework Core.

## C

[**Cake**](https://github.com/cake-build/cake) (C# Make) is a build automation system with a C# DSL to do things like compiling code, copy files/folders, running unit tests, compress files and build NuGet packages.

---
[**CefSharp**](https://github.com/cefsharp/CefSharp) is a .NET (WPF and Windows Forms) bindings for the Chromium Embedded Framework http://cefsharp.github.io/

---
[**ClosedXML**](https://github.com/ClosedXML/ClosedXML) ClosedXML is a .NET library for reading, manipulating and writing Excel 2007+ (.xlsx, .xlsm) files. It aims to provide an intuitive and user-friendly interface to dealing with the underlying OpenXML API.

---
[**Common**](https://github.com/aspnet/Common) is a repository for shared files to be consumed across the ASPNET repos.[**Configuration**](https://github.com/aspnet/Configuration) is a framework for accessing Key/Value based configuration settings in an application. Includes configuration providers for command line arguments, environment variables, INI files, JSON files, and XML files.

---
The [**corefx**](https://github.com/dotnet/corefx) repo contains the library implementation for .NET Core. It includes System.Collections, System.IO, System.Xml, and many other components. You can see more information in Documentation. The corresponding .NET Core Runtime repo contains the runtime implementation (called "CoreCLR") for .NET Core. It includes RyuJIT, the .NET GC, and many other components. Runtime-specific library code - namely mscorlib - lives in the CoreCLR repo. It needs to be built and versioned in tandem with the runtime. The rest of CoreFX is agnostic of runtime-implementation and can be run on any compatible .NET runtime.

---
[**CORS**](https://github.com/aspnet/CORS) is an implementations of common CORS policy and CORS middleware.

---
[**C-Sharp**](https://github.com/TheAlgorithms/C-Sharp) This repository contains algorithms and data structures implemented in C# for eductional purposes.

---
[**CppSharp**](https://github.com/mono/CppSharp) is a tool and set of libraries which allows programmers to use C/C++ libraries with high-level programming languages (such as C#).

## D

[**Dapper**](https://github.com/StackExchange/dapper-dot-net) is a simple object mapper for .Net. Dapper is a NuGet library that you can add in to your project that will extend your IDbConnection interface.

---
[**DataProtection**](https://github.com/aspnet/DataProtection) - Data Protection APIs for protecting and unprotecting data. This project is part of ASP.NET Core.

---
[**DependencyInjection**](https://github.com/aspnet/DependencyInjection) - Contains common DI abstractions that ASP.NET Core and Entity Framework Core use.

---
[**Diagnostics**](https://github.com/aspnet/Diagnostics) is a middleware for reporting info and handling exceptions and errors in ASP.NET Core, and diagnosing Entity Framework Core migrations errors.

---
[**Docs**](https://github.com/aspnet/Docs) is a documentation for ASP.NET and ASP.NET Core https://docs.microsoft.com/aspnet

---
[**DotNetTools**](https://github.com/aspnet/DotNetTools) is a command-line tools for the .NET Core CLI.

---
[**DotNetty**](https://github.com/Azure/DotNetty) is a port of Netty, asynchronous event-driven network application framework for rapid development of maintainable high performance protocol servers & clients.

## E

[**EntityFramework6**](https://github.com/aspnet/EntityFramework6) is an object-relational mapper that enables .NET developers to work with relational data using domain-specific objects. It eliminates the need for most of the data-access code that developers usually need to write. Entity Framework is actively developed by the Entity Framework team in collaboration with a community of open source developers. Together we are dedicated to creating the best possible data access experience for .NET developers.

[**Extensions**](https://github.com/aspnet/Extensions) is an open-source, cross-platform set of APIs for commonly used programming patterns and utilities, such as dependency injection, logging, and app configuration.

---
[**Entropy**](https://github.com/aspnet/Entropy)  is "a measure of the disorder that exists in a system." This repo is a chaotic experimental playground for new features and ideas. Check here for small and simple samples for individual features.

---
[**eShopOnContainers**](https://github.com/dotnet/eShopOnContainers) is a sample .NET Core reference application, powered by Microsoft, based on a simplified microservices architecture and Docker containers.

---
[**eShopOnWeb**](https://github.com/dotnet/eShopOnWeb) is a sample ASP.NET Core reference application, powered by Microsoft, demonstrating a layered application architecture with monolithic deployment model

---
[**EventFlow**](https://github.com/eventflow/EventFlow) is a basic CQRS+ES framework designed to be easy to use.

---
[**EventNotification**](https://github.com/aspnet/EventNotification) is the infrastructure for publishing notifications has moved to the .NET Framework. See the new DiagnosticSource and DiagnosticListener APIs in the System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource package. The infrastructure provided here is for subscribing to events using runtime-generated proxies.

## H

[**Hosting**](https://github.com/aspnet/Hosting) - The Hosting repo contains code required to host an ASP.NET Core application, it is the entry point used when self-hosting an application.

---
[**HtmlAbstractions**](https://github.com/aspnet/HtmlAbstractions) is an abstractions used for building HTML content, including types such as HtmlString and IHtmlContent.

---
[**HttpSysServer**](https://github.com/aspnet/HttpSysServer) - This repo contains a web server for ASP.NET Core based on the Windows Http Server API.

## I

[**Identity**](https://github.com/aspnet/Identity) is the membership system for building ASP.NET Core web applications, including membership, login, and user data. ASP.NET Core Identity allows you to add login features to your application and makes it easy to customize data about the logged in user.

---
[**IdentityServer4**](https://github.com/IdentityServer/IdentityServer4) is built against ASP.NET Core 1.1 using the RTM tooling that ships with Visual Studio 2017. This is the only configuration we support on the issue tracker.

---
[**IISIntegration**](https://github.com/aspnet/IISIntegration) - This repo hosts the ASP.NET Core middleware for IIS integration. This project is part of ASP.NET Core.

---
[**ILSpy**](https://github.com/icsharpcode/ILSpy) is the open-source .NET assembly browser and decompiler with support for PDB generation, ReadyToRun, Metadata (&more) - cross-platform!

## J

[**JavaScriptServices**](https://github.com/aspnet/JavaScriptServices) - Microsoft ASP.NET Core JavaScript Services is a set of technologies for ASP.NET Core developers.

---
[**Json.NET**](https://github.com/JamesNK/Newtonsoft.Json) is a personal open source project. Started in 2006, thousands of hours have been invested in refining and tuning Json.NET with the goal of making it not just the best JSON serializer for .NET but the best serializer for any computer language.

---
[**JsonPatch**](https://github.com/aspnet/JsonPatch) is a library for ASP.NET Core.

## K

[**KestrelHttpServer**](https://github.com/aspnet/KestrelHttpServer) is a web server for ASP.NET Core based on libuv.

## L

[**LibraryInstaller**](https://github.com/aspnet/LibraryInstaller) - Microsoft Library Installer.

---
[**Live-Charts**](https://github.com/beto-rodriguez/Live-Charts) is a simple, flexible, interactive & powerful charts, maps and gauges for .Net http://lvcharts.net/

---
[**live.asp.net**](https://github.com/aspnet/live.asp.net) - Code for live.asp.net, which hosts the ASP.NET Community Stand-up

---
[**Localization**](https://github.com/aspnet/Localization) - Localization abstractions and implementations for ASP.NET Core applications.

---
[**Logging**](https://github.com/aspnet/Logging) is a common logging abstractions and a few implementations. This project is part of ASP.NET Core.

## M

[**MahApps.Metro**](https://github.com/MahApps/MahApps.Metro) is a toolkit for creating Metro / Modern UI styled WPF apps. http://mahapps.com

---
[**MassTransit**](https://github.com/MassTransit/MassTransit) is a free, open-source distributed application framework for .NET. MassTransit makes it easy to create applications and services that leverage message-based, loosely-coupled asynchronous communication for higher availability, reliabililty, and scalability.

---
[**MeredithCore**](https://github.com/whynotearth/meredith-core) A backend .net API which manages our database (postgres, google cloud). Data from this database is used by meredith-core to provide endpoints to any front end team. All content for websites, email marketing, ad buying, etc. is all stored in the same database, allowing easy content management for large brands and marketing agencies.

---
[**MaterialDesignInXamlToolkit**](https://github.com/ButchersBoy/MaterialDesignInXamlToolkit) is a Google's Material Design in XAML & WPF, for C# & VB.Net. http://materialdesigninxaml.net

---
[**Microsoft.Data.Sqlite**](https://github.com/aspnet/Microsoft.Data.Sqlite) - Contains SQLite implementations of the System.Data.Common interfaces.

---
[**Mono**](https://github.com/mono/mono) is a software platform designed to allow developers to easily create cross platform applications. It is an open source implementation of Microsoft's .NET Framework based on the ECMA standards for C# and the Common Language Runtime.

---
[**MusicStore**](https://github.com/aspnet/MusicStore) is a sample ASP.NET Core application.

---
[**Mvc**](https://github.com/aspnet/Mvc) ASP.NET Core MVC is a model view controller framework for building dynamic web sites with clean separation of concerns, including the merged MVC, Web API, and Web Pages w/ Razor.

---
[**MvcPrecompilation**](https://github.com/aspnet/MvcPrecompilation) - The Razor syntax provides a fast, terse, clean, and lightweight way to combine server code with HTML to create dynamic web content. This repo contains tooling that allows compilation of MVC Razor views as part of build and publish.

## N

[**Nancy**](https://github.com/NancyFx/Nancy) is a lightweight, low-ceremony, framework for building HTTP based services on .NET Framework/Core and [Mono](http://mono-project.com). The goal of the framework is to stay out of the way as much as possible and provide a super-duper-happy-path to all interactions.

Nancy is designed to handle `DELETE`, `GET`, `HEAD`, `OPTIONS`, `POST`, `PUT` and `PATCH` requests and provides a simple, elegant, [Domain Specific Language (DSL)](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Domain-specific_language) for returning a response with just a couple of keystrokes, leaving you with more time to focus on the important bits..
**your** code and **your** application.

Write your application
```csharp
public class Module : NancyModule
{
    public Module()
    {
        Get("/greet/{name}", x => {
            return string.Concat("Hello ", x.name);
        });
    }
}
```

---
[**NUnit**](https://github.com/nunit/nunit) is a unit-testing framework for all .NET languages. Initially ported from JUnit, the current production release, version 3, has been completely rewritten with many new features and support for a wide range of .NET platforms.

## O

[**Ocelot**](https://github.com/TomPallister/Ocelot) is an API Gateway created using .NET core.

---
[**OpenTK**](https://github.com/opentk/opentk) is a fast, low-level C# binding for OpenGL, OpenGL ES and OpenAL. It runs on all major platforms and powers hundreds of apps, games and scientific research.

Use OpenTK to add cross-platform 3d graphics, audio, compute and haptics to your C# application. Integrate it into your existing user interface or use it standalone without any external dependencies.

---
[**OptiKey**](https://github.com/OptiKey/OptiKey) is an assistive on-screen keyboard which runs on Windows. It is designed to be used with an eye-tracking device to assist with keyboard and mouse control for those living with motor and speech limitations, such as Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS) / Motor Neuron Disease (MND).

## P

[**PostProcessing**](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/PostProcessing) is a new unity post-processing stack is an über effect that combines a complete set of image effects into a single post-process pipeline.

---
[**PowerShell**](https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell) is a cross-platform (Windows, Linux, and macOS) automation and configuration tool/framework that works well with your existing tools and is optimized for dealing with structured data (e.g. JSON, CSV, XML, etc.), REST APIs, and object models. It includes a command-line shell, an associated scripting language and a framework for processing cmdlets.

## Q

[**Quartz Enterprise Scheduler .NET**](https://github.com/quartznet/quartznet) is an opensource project aimed at creating a free-for-commercial use Job Scheduler, with 'enterprise' features.

## R

[**RabbitMQ .NET client**](https://github.com/rabbitmq/rabbitmq-dotnet-client) for .NET Core and .NET 4.5.1+.

---
[**Radarr**](https://github.com/Radarr/Radarr) is a fork of Sonarr to work with movies à la Couchpotato. https://radarr.video

---
[**react-native-windows**](https://github.com/Microsoft/react-native-windows) is a framework for building native UWP and WPF apps with React. http://facebook.github.io/react-native/

---
[**ResponseCaching**](https://github.com/aspnet/ResponseCaching) is an ASP.NET Core middleware for caching responses.

---
[**Roslyn**](https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn) provides open-source C# and Visual Basic compilers with rich code analysis APIs. It enables building code analysis tools with the same APIs that are used by Visual Studio.

## S

[**Scaffolding**](https://github.com/aspnet/Scaffolding) - ASP.NET Scaffolding enables generating boilerplate code for web applications to speed up development.

---
[**Shadowsocks for Windows**](https://github.com/shadowsocks/shadowsocks-windows) is a secure socks5 proxy, designed to protect your Internet traffic.

---
[**SimpleInjector**](https://github.com/simpleinjector/SimpleInjector) is an open source dependency injection (DI) library for .NET.

---
[**StaticFiles**](https://github.com/aspnet/StaticFiles) - This repo contains middleware for handling requests for file system resources including files and directories.

## T

---
[**Topshelf**](https://github.com/Topshelf/Topshelf) is a framework for hosting services written using the .NET framework. The creation of services is simplified, allowing developers to create a simple console application that can be installed as a service using Topshelf. The reason for this is simple: It is far easier to debug a console application than a service. And once the application is tested and ready for production, Topshelf makes it easy to install the application as a service.

## U

[**UnityPCSS**](https://github.com/TheMasonX/UnityPCSS) is a Nvidia's PCSS soft shadow algorithm implemented in Unity

## W

[**Web Markup Minifier**](https://github.com/Taritsyn/WebMarkupMin) is .NET library that contains a set of markup minifiers. The objective of this project is to improve the performance of web applications by reducing the size of HTML, XHTML and XML code.

---
[**websdk**](https://github.com/aspnet/websdk) - ASP.NET Web Sdk targets contains the tasks, targets and packages required to build and publish Web Applications.

---
[**Wox**](https://github.com/Wox-launcher/Wox) is a launcher for Windows, an alternative to Alfred and Launchy.

---
[**websocket-sharp**](https://github.com/sta/websocket-sharp) A C# implementation of the WebSocket protocol client and server.

## X

[**XUnit**](https://github.com/xunit/xunit)  is a free, open source, community-focused unit testing tool for the .NET Framework. Written by the original inventor of NUnit v2, xUnit.net is the latest technology for unit testing C#, F#, VB.NET and other .NET languages. xUnit.net works with ReSharper, CodeRush, TestDriven.NET and Xamarin.

## Z

[**zipkin4net**](https://github.com/criteo/zipkin4net) is a .NET client library for Zipkin

---

Commit message:

Create Dart and add some projects to CSS and Go (#297)
* Add KorGE to KOTLIN.md

* Add ILSpy to C#

* Create HAXE.md and add Kha framework to this

* Add HAXE to README

* Add HXElectron to Haxe

* Add Heaps to Haxe

* Add HaxePunk to Haxe

* Add Iron to Haxe

* Add Ktor to Kotlin

* Add TornadoFX to Kotlin

* Add KotlinPoet to Kotlin

* Add Jackson to Kotlin

* Add Defold to C++

* Add wxWidgets to C++

* Add GTK to C++

* Remove GTK from C++

* Add GTK to C

* Add GIMP to C

* Create DART.md

* Add DART to README

* Add Flutter to Dart

* Add DartPad to Dart

* Add AngularDart to Dart

* Add pub.dev to Dart

* Add alpabet and Ion to Go

* Add Normalize.css to CSS

* Add iziToast to CSS

* Remove all HTML tags from GOLANG.md

* Add Avalonia to C#

languages/C#.md, after:

## Alphabetical index of projects in C35:

|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|---    |---    |---    |---    |---    |---    |    ---|
|[A](#a)|[B](#b)|[C](#c)|[D](#d)|[E](#e)|[F](#f)|[G](#g)|
|[H](#h)|[I](#i)|[J](#j)|[K](#k)|[L](#l)|[M](#m)|[N](#n)|
|[O](#o)|[P](#p)|[Q](#q)|[R](#r)|[S](#s)|[T](#t)|[U](#u)|
|[V](#v)|[W](#w)|[X](#x)|[Y](#y)|[Z](#z)|       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |

<br>

## A

[**alba**](https://github.com/JasperFx/alba) is a tool for better integration testing against ASP.Net Core applications.

---
[**AspNetKatana**](https://github.com/aspnet/AspNetKatana) is a flexible set of components for building and hosting OWIN-based web applications on .NET Framework.

---
[**Atata**](https://github.com/atata-framework/atata) is an open source C#/.NET test automation full featured framework based on Selenium WebDriver. It uses fluent page object pattern with built-in logging. Atata Framework is extensible and contains a set of components, triggers and much more.

---
[**AutoMapper**](https://github.com/AutoMapper/AutoMapper) is a convention-based object-object mapper in .NET. http://automapper.org

---
[**Avalonia**](https://github.com/AvaloniaUI/Avalonia/) is a cross-platform XAML-based UI framework providing a flexible styling system and supporting a wide range of Operating Systems such as Windows via .NET Framework and .NET Core, Linux via Xorg, macOS. Avalonia is ready for General-Purpose Desktop App Development. However, there may be some bugs and breaking changes as we continue along into this project's development.

![avalonia](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6759207/84897744-cab6d800-b0ae-11ea-8214-e5174d71f5c8.png)

---
[**AzureIntegration**](https://github.com/aspnet/AzureIntegration) - Features that integrate ASP.NET Core with Azure.

## B

[**benchmarks**](https://github.com/aspnet/benchmarks) - Benchmarks for ASP.NET Core including (but not limited to) scenarios from the TechEmpower Web Framework Benchmarks.

---
[**Blazor**](https://github.com/aspnet/Blazor) is a .NET web framework using C#/Razor and HTML that runs in the browser with WebAssembly. https://blazor.net/

---
[**BotBuilder**](https://github.com/Microsoft/BotBuilder) is one of three main components of the Microsoft Bot Framework. The Microsoft Bot Framework provides just what you need to build and connect intelligent bots that interact naturally wherever your users are talking, from text/SMS to Skype, Slack, Office 365 mail and other popular services. http://botframework.com

---
[**BuildTools**](https://github.com/aspnet/BuildTools) - Utilities used in the build system for projects that are used with ASP.NET Core and Entity Framework Core.

## C

[**Cake**](https://github.com/cake-build/cake) (C# Make) is a build automation system with a C# DSL to do things like compiling code, copy files/folders, running unit tests, compress files and build NuGet packages.

---
[**CefSharp**](https://github.com/cefsharp/CefSharp) is a .NET (WPF and Windows Forms) bindings for the Chromium Embedded Framework http://cefsharp.github.io/

---
[**ClosedXML**](https://github.com/ClosedXML/ClosedXML) ClosedXML is a .NET library for reading, manipulating and writing Excel 2007+ (.xlsx, .xlsm) files. It aims to provide an intuitive and user-friendly interface to dealing with the underlying OpenXML API.

---
[**Common**](https://github.com/aspnet/Common) is a repository for shared files to be consumed across the ASPNET repos.[**Configuration**](https://github.com/aspnet/Configuration) is a framework for accessing Key/Value based configuration settings in an application. Includes configuration providers for command line arguments, environment variables, INI files, JSON files, and XML files.

---
The [**corefx**](https://github.com/dotnet/corefx) repo contains the library implementation for .NET Core. It includes System.Collections, System.IO, System.Xml, and many other components. You can see more information in Documentation. The corresponding .NET Core Runtime repo contains the runtime implementation (called "CoreCLR") for .NET Core. It includes RyuJIT, the .NET GC, and many other components. Runtime-specific library code - namely mscorlib - lives in the CoreCLR repo. It needs to be built and versioned in tandem with the runtime. The rest of CoreFX is agnostic of runtime-implementation and can be run on any compatible .NET runtime.

---
[**CORS**](https://github.com/aspnet/CORS) is an implementations of common CORS policy and CORS middleware.

---
[**C-Sharp**](https://github.com/TheAlgorithms/C-Sharp) This repository contains algorithms and data structures implemented in C# for eductional purposes.

---
[**CppSharp**](https://github.com/mono/CppSharp) is a tool and set of libraries which allows programmers to use C/C++ libraries with high-level programming languages (such as C#).

## D

[**Dapper**](https://github.com/StackExchange/dapper-dot-net) is a simple object mapper for .Net. Dapper is a NuGet library that you can add in to your project that will extend your IDbConnection interface.

---
[**DataProtection**](https://github.com/aspnet/DataProtection) - Data Protection APIs for protecting and unprotecting data. This project is part of ASP.NET Core.

---
[**DependencyInjection**](https://github.com/aspnet/DependencyInjection) - Contains common DI abstractions that ASP.NET Core and Entity Framework Core use.

---
[**Diagnostics**](https://github.com/aspnet/Diagnostics) is a middleware for reporting info and handling exceptions and errors in ASP.NET Core, and diagnosing Entity Framework Core migrations errors.

---
[**Docs**](https://github.com/aspnet/Docs) is a documentation for ASP.NET and ASP.NET Core https://docs.microsoft.com/aspnet

---
[**DotNetTools**](https://github.com/aspnet/DotNetTools) is a command-line tools for the .NET Core CLI.

---
[**DotNetty**](https://github.com/Azure/DotNetty) is a port of Netty, asynchronous event-driven network application framework for rapid development of maintainable high performance protocol servers & clients.

## E

[**EntityFramework6**](https://github.com/aspnet/EntityFramework6) is an object-relational mapper that enables .NET developers to work with relational data using domain-specific objects. It eliminates the need for most of the data-access code that developers usually need to write. Entity Framework is actively developed by the Entity Framework team in collaboration with a community of open source developers. Together we are dedicated to creating the best possible data access experience for .NET developers.

[**Extensions**](https://github.com/aspnet/Extensions) is an open-source, cross-platform set of APIs for commonly used programming patterns and utilities, such as dependency injection, logging, and app configuration.

---
[**Entropy**](https://github.com/aspnet/Entropy)  is "a measure of the disorder that exists in a system." This repo is a chaotic experimental playground for new features and ideas. Check here for small and simple samples for individual features.

---
[**eShopOnContainers**](https://github.com/dotnet/eShopOnContainers) is a sample .NET Core reference application, powered by Microsoft, based on a simplified microservices architecture and Docker containers.

---
[**eShopOnWeb**](https://github.com/dotnet/eShopOnWeb) is a sample ASP.NET Core reference application, powered by Microsoft, demonstrating a layered application architecture with monolithic deployment model

---
[**EventFlow**](https://github.com/eventflow/EventFlow) is a basic CQRS+ES framework designed to be easy to use.

---
[**EventNotification**](https://github.com/aspnet/EventNotification) is the infrastructure for publishing notifications has moved to the .NET Framework. See the new DiagnosticSource and DiagnosticListener APIs in the System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource package. The infrastructure provided here is for subscribing to events using runtime-generated proxies.

## H

[**Hosting**](https://github.com/aspnet/Hosting) - The Hosting repo contains code required to host an ASP.NET Core application, it is the entry point used when self-hosting an application.

---
[**HtmlAbstractions**](https://github.com/aspnet/HtmlAbstractions) is an abstractions used for building HTML content, including types such as HtmlString and IHtmlContent.

---
[**HttpSysServer**](https://github.com/aspnet/HttpSysServer) - This repo contains a web server for ASP.NET Core based on the Windows Http Server API.

## I

[**Identity**](https://github.com/aspnet/Identity) is the membership system for building ASP.NET Core web applications, including membership, login, and user data. ASP.NET Core Identity allows you to add login features to your application and makes it easy to customize data about the logged in user.

---
[**IdentityServer4**](https://github.com/IdentityServer/IdentityServer4) is built against ASP.NET Core 1.1 using the RTM tooling that ships with Visual Studio 2017. This is the only configuration we support on the issue tracker.

---
[**IISIntegration**](https://github.com/aspnet/IISIntegration) - This repo hosts the ASP.NET Core middleware for IIS integration. This project is part of ASP.NET Core.

---
[**ILSpy**](https://github.com/icsharpcode/ILSpy) is the open-source .NET assembly browser and decompiler with support for PDB generation, ReadyToRun, Metadata (&more) - cross-platform!

## J

[**JavaScriptServices**](https://github.com/aspnet/JavaScriptServices) - Microsoft ASP.NET Core JavaScript Services is a set of technologies for ASP.NET Core developers.

---
[**Json.NET**](https://github.com/JamesNK/Newtonsoft.Json) is a personal open source project. Started in 2006, thousands of hours have been invested in refining and tuning Json.NET with the goal of making it not just the best JSON serializer for .NET but the best serializer for any computer language.

---
[**JsonPatch**](https://github.com/aspnet/JsonPatch) is a library for ASP.NET Core.

## K

[**KestrelHttpServer**](https://github.com/aspnet/KestrelHttpServer) is a web server for ASP.NET Core based on libuv.

## L

[**LibraryInstaller**](https://github.com/aspnet/LibraryInstaller) - Microsoft Library Installer.

---
[**Live-Charts**](https://github.com/beto-rodriguez/Live-Charts) is a simple, flexible, interactive & powerful charts, maps and gauges for .Net http://lvcharts.net/

---
[**live.asp.net**](https://github.com/aspnet/live.asp.net) - Code for live.asp.net, which hosts the ASP.NET Community Stand-up

---
[**Localization**](https://github.com/aspnet/Localization) - Localization abstractions and implementations for ASP.NET Core applications.

---
[**Logging**](https://github.com/aspnet/Logging) is a common logging abstractions and a few implementations. This project is part of ASP.NET Core.

## M

[**MahApps.Metro**](https://github.com/MahApps/MahApps.Metro) is a toolkit for creating Metro / Modern UI styled WPF apps. http://mahapps.com

---
[**MassTransit**](https://github.com/MassTransit/MassTransit) is a free, open-source distributed application framework for .NET. MassTransit makes it easy to create applications and services that leverage message-based, loosely-coupled asynchronous communication for higher availability, reliabililty, and scalability.

---
[**MeredithCore**](https://github.com/whynotearth/meredith-core) A backend .net API which manages our database (postgres, google cloud). Data from this database is used by meredith-core to provide endpoints to any front end team. All content for websites, email marketing, ad buying, etc. is all stored in the same database, allowing easy content management for large brands and marketing agencies.

---
[**MaterialDesignInXamlToolkit**](https://github.com/ButchersBoy/MaterialDesignInXamlToolkit) is a Google's Material Design in XAML & WPF, for C# & VB.Net. http://materialdesigninxaml.net

---
[**Microsoft.Data.Sqlite**](https://github.com/aspnet/Microsoft.Data.Sqlite) - Contains SQLite implementations of the System.Data.Common interfaces.

---
[**Mono**](https://github.com/mono/mono) is a software platform designed to allow developers to easily create cross platform applications. It is an open source implementation of Microsoft's .NET Framework based on the ECMA standards for C# and the Common Language Runtime.

---
[**MusicStore**](https://github.com/aspnet/MusicStore) is a sample ASP.NET Core application.

---
[**Mvc**](https://github.com/aspnet/Mvc) ASP.NET Core MVC is a model view controller framework for building dynamic web sites with clean separation of concerns, including the merged MVC, Web API, and Web Pages w/ Razor.

---
[**MvcPrecompilation**](https://github.com/aspnet/MvcPrecompilation) - The Razor syntax provides a fast, terse, clean, and lightweight way to combine server code with HTML to create dynamic web content. This repo contains tooling that allows compilation of MVC Razor views as part of build and publish.

## N

[**Nancy**](https://github.com/NancyFx/Nancy) is a lightweight, low-ceremony, framework for building HTTP based services on .NET Framework/Core and [Mono](http://mono-project.com). The goal of the framework is to stay out of the way as much as possible and provide a super-duper-happy-path to all interactions.

Nancy is designed to handle `DELETE`, `GET`, `HEAD`, `OPTIONS`, `POST`, `PUT` and `PATCH` requests and provides a simple, elegant, [Domain Specific Language (DSL)](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Domain-specific_language) for returning a response with just a couple of keystrokes, leaving you with more time to focus on the important bits..
**your** code and **your** application.

Write your application
```csharp
public class Module : NancyModule
{
    public Module()
    {
        Get("/greet/{name}", x => {
            return string.Concat("Hello ", x.name);
        });
    }
}
```

---
[**NUnit**](https://github.com/nunit/nunit) is a unit-testing framework for all .NET languages. Initially ported from JUnit, the current production release, version 3, has been completely rewritten with many new features and support for a wide range of .NET platforms.

## O

[**Ocelot**](https://github.com/TomPallister/Ocelot) is an API Gateway created using .NET core.

---
[**OpenTK**](https://github.com/opentk/opentk) is a fast, low-level C# binding for OpenGL, OpenGL ES and OpenAL. It runs on all major platforms and powers hundreds of apps, games and scientific research.

Use OpenTK to add cross-platform 3d graphics, audio, compute and haptics to your C# application. Integrate it into your existing user interface or use it standalone without any external dependencies.

---
[**OptiKey**](https://github.com/OptiKey/OptiKey) is an assistive on-screen keyboard which runs on Windows. It is designed to be used with an eye-tracking device to assist with keyboard and mouse control for those living with motor and speech limitations, such as Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS) / Motor Neuron Disease (MND).

## P

[**PostProcessing**](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/PostProcessing) is a new unity post-processing stack is an über effect that combines a complete set of image effects into a single post-process pipeline.

---
[**PowerShell**](https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell) is a cross-platform (Windows, Linux, and macOS) automation and configuration tool/framework that works well with your existing tools and is optimized for dealing with structured data (e.g. JSON, CSV, XML, etc.), REST APIs, and object models. It includes a command-line shell, an associated scripting language and a framework for processing cmdlets.

## Q

[**Quartz Enterprise Scheduler .NET**](https://github.com/quartznet/quartznet) is an opensource project aimed at creating a free-for-commercial use Job Scheduler, with 'enterprise' features.

## R

[**RabbitMQ .NET client**](https://github.com/rabbitmq/rabbitmq-dotnet-client) for .NET Core and .NET 4.5.1+.

---
[**Radarr**](https://github.com/Radarr/Radarr) is a fork of Sonarr to work with movies à la Couchpotato. https://radarr.video

---
[**react-native-windows**](https://github.com/Microsoft/react-native-windows) is a framework for building native UWP and WPF apps with React. http://facebook.github.io/react-native/

---
[**ResponseCaching**](https://github.com/aspnet/ResponseCaching) is an ASP.NET Core middleware for caching responses.

---
[**Roslyn**](https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn) provides open-source C# and Visual Basic compilers with rich code analysis APIs. It enables building code analysis tools with the same APIs that are used by Visual Studio.

## S

[**Scaffolding**](https://github.com/aspnet/Scaffolding) - ASP.NET Scaffolding enables generating boilerplate code for web applications to speed up development.

---
[**Shadowsocks for Windows**](https://github.com/shadowsocks/shadowsocks-windows) is a secure socks5 proxy, designed to protect your Internet traffic.

---
[**SimpleInjector**](https://github.com/simpleinjector/SimpleInjector) is an open source dependency injection (DI) library for .NET.

---
[**StaticFiles**](https://github.com/aspnet/StaticFiles) - This repo contains middleware for handling requests for file system resources including files and directories.

## T

---
[**Topshelf**](https://github.com/Topshelf/Topshelf) is a framework for hosting services written using the .NET framework. The creation of services is simplified, allowing developers to create a simple console application that can be installed as a service using Topshelf. The reason for this is simple: It is far easier to debug a console application than a service. And once the application is tested and ready for production, Topshelf makes it easy to install the application as a service.

## U

[**UnityPCSS**](https://github.com/TheMasonX/UnityPCSS) is a Nvidia's PCSS soft shadow algorithm implemented in Unity

## W

[**Web Markup Minifier**](https://github.com/Taritsyn/WebMarkupMin) is .NET library that contains a set of markup minifiers. The objective of this project is to improve the performance of web applications by reducing the size of HTML, XHTML and XML code.

---
[**websdk**](https://github.com/aspnet/websdk) - ASP.NET Web Sdk targets contains the tasks, targets and packages required to build and publish Web Applications.

---
[**Wox**](https://github.com/Wox-launcher/Wox) is a launcher for Windows, an alternative to Alfred and Launchy.

---
[**websocket-sharp**](https://github.com/sta/websocket-sharp) A C# implementation of the WebSocket protocol client and server.

## X

[**XUnit**](https://github.com/xunit/xunit)  is a free, open source, community-focused unit testing tool for the .NET Framework. Written by the original inventor of NUnit v2, xUnit.net is the latest technology for unit testing C#, F#, VB.NET and other .NET languages. xUnit.net works with ReSharper, CodeRush, TestDriven.NET and Xamarin.

## Z

[**zipkin4net**](https://github.com/criteo/zipkin4net) is a .NET client library for Zipkin

---
