languages/C_C++.md, before:

## C and C++

[**Torch**](https://github.com/torch/torch7) is a scientific computing framework with wide support for machine learning algorithms that puts GPUs first. It is easy to use and efficient, thanks to an easy and fast scripting language, LuaJIT, and an underlying C/CUDA implementation.

![torch](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*6tYC_KkQvSAAL6h3.png)

---
[**Caffe**](https://github.com/BVLC/caffe) is a deep learning framework made with expression, speed, and modularity in mind. It is developed by the Berkeley Vision and Learning Center (BVLC) and community contributors.

![caffe](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*PuFfFqw5QvvXMdC7.png)

---
[**libuv**](https://github.com/libuv/libuv) is a multi-platform support library with a focus on asynchronous I/O. It was primarily developed for use by Node.js, but it's also used by Luvit, Julia, pyuv, and others.

![libduv](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*_Gj_yjlEAdE7x8Hi.png)

---
[**µWS**](https://github.com/uWebSockets/uWebSockets) is one of the most lightweight, efficient & scalable WebSocket server implementations available. It features an easy-to-use, fully async object-oriented interface and scales to millions of connections using only a fraction of memory compared to the competition. While performance and scalability are two of our top priorities, we consider security, stability and standards compliance paramount. License is zlib/libpng (very permissive & suits commercial applications).

![**uws**](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*2wharBiKaEguzmkS.png)

---
[**RethinkDB**](https://github.com/rethinkdb/rethinkdb)   —  the first open-source scalable database built for realtime applications. It exposes a new database access model — instead of polling for changes, the developer can tell the database to continuously push updated query results to applications in realtime. RethinkDB allows developers to build scalable realtime apps in a fraction of the time with less effort.

![rethink](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*oS0KanfC9ii0SKhM.png)

---
[**Redis Desktop Manager**](https://github.com/uglide/RedisDesktopManager)  —  an Open source cross-platform Redis Desktop Manager based on Qt 5

![rdm](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/58c1eba58f659057d6db1ed01b0e7d4bd031414a/687474703a2f2f72656469736465736b746f702e636f6d2f7374617469632f696d672f66656174757265732f616c6c2e706e673f7632)

---
[**Robomongo**](https://github.com/paralect/robomongo) is a shell-centric cross-platform MongoDB management tool. Unlike most other MongoDB admin UI tools, Robomongo embeds the actual mongo shell in a tabbed interface with access to a shell command line as well as GUI interaction.

![robomongo](https://robomongo.org/static/screens-transparent-6e2a44fd.png)

---
[**Lwan**](https://github.com/lpereira/lwan/) is a high-performance & scalable web server for glibc/Linux
platforms.

In development for almost 4 years, Lwan was until now a personal research
effort that focused mostly on building a **solid infrastructure** for
a lightweight and speedy web server:

  - Low memory footprint (~500KiB for 10k idle connections)
  - Minimal memory allocations & copies
  - Minimal system calls
  - Hand-crafted HTTP request parser
  - Files are served using the most efficient way according to their size
    - No copies between kernel and userland for files larger than 16KiB
    - Smaller files are sent using vectored I/O of memory-mapped buffers
    - Header overhead is considered before compressing small files
  - Mostly wait-free multi-threaded design
  - Diminute code base with roughly 7200 lines of C code

It is now transitioning into a fully working, capable HTTP server. It is
not, however, as feature-packed as other popular web servers. But it is
[free software](http://www.gnu.org/philosophy/free-sw.html), so scratching
your own itches and making Lwan hum the way you want it to is possible.

---
[**netdata**](https://github.com/firehol/netdata) is a system for distributed real-time performance and health monitoring. It provides unparalleled insights, in real-time, of everything happening on the system it runs (including applications such as web and database servers), using modern interactive web dashboards.

netdata is fast and efficient, designed to permanently run on all systems (physical & virtual servers, containers, IoT devices), without disrupting their core function.

![g1](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/2662304/14092712/93b039ea-f551-11e5-822c-beadbf2b2a2e.gif)


---
[**Skynet**](https://github.com/cloudwu/skynet) is a lightweight online game framework, and it can be used in many other fields.

Commit message:

Add Hexo Image & Add Electron

languages/C_C++.md, after:

## C and C++

[**Torch**](https://github.com/torch/torch7) is a scientific computing framework with wide support for machine learning algorithms that puts GPUs first. It is easy to use and efficient, thanks to an easy and fast scripting language, LuaJIT, and an underlying C/CUDA implementation.

![torch](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*6tYC_KkQvSAAL6h3.png)

---
[**Electron**](https://github.com/electron/electron) lets you write cross-platform desktop applications
using JavaScript, HTML and CSS. It is based on [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) and
[Chromium](http://www.chromium.org) and is used by the [Atom
editor](https://github.com/atom/atom) and many other [apps](http://electron.atom.io/apps).

![electron](http://imgur.com/wuAM23t.png)

---
[**Caffe**](https://github.com/BVLC/caffe) is a deep learning framework made with expression, speed, and modularity in mind. It is developed by the Berkeley Vision and Learning Center (BVLC) and community contributors.

![caffe](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*PuFfFqw5QvvXMdC7.png)

---
[**libuv**](https://github.com/libuv/libuv) is a multi-platform support library with a focus on asynchronous I/O. It was primarily developed for use by Node.js, but it's also used by Luvit, Julia, pyuv, and others.

![libduv](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*_Gj_yjlEAdE7x8Hi.png)

---
[**µWS**](https://github.com/uWebSockets/uWebSockets) is one of the most lightweight, efficient & scalable WebSocket server implementations available. It features an easy-to-use, fully async object-oriented interface and scales to millions of connections using only a fraction of memory compared to the competition. While performance and scalability are two of our top priorities, we consider security, stability and standards compliance paramount. License is zlib/libpng (very permissive & suits commercial applications).

![**uws**](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*2wharBiKaEguzmkS.png)

---
[**RethinkDB**](https://github.com/rethinkdb/rethinkdb)   —  the first open-source scalable database built for realtime applications. It exposes a new database access model — instead of polling for changes, the developer can tell the database to continuously push updated query results to applications in realtime. RethinkDB allows developers to build scalable realtime apps in a fraction of the time with less effort.

![rethink](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*oS0KanfC9ii0SKhM.png)

---
[**Redis Desktop Manager**](https://github.com/uglide/RedisDesktopManager)  —  an Open source cross-platform Redis Desktop Manager based on Qt 5

![rdm](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/58c1eba58f659057d6db1ed01b0e7d4bd031414a/687474703a2f2f72656469736465736b746f702e636f6d2f7374617469632f696d672f66656174757265732f616c6c2e706e673f7632)

---
[**Robomongo**](https://github.com/paralect/robomongo) is a shell-centric cross-platform MongoDB management tool. Unlike most other MongoDB admin UI tools, Robomongo embeds the actual mongo shell in a tabbed interface with access to a shell command line as well as GUI interaction.

![robomongo](https://robomongo.org/static/screens-transparent-6e2a44fd.png)

---
[**Lwan**](https://github.com/lpereira/lwan/) is a high-performance & scalable web server for glibc/Linux
platforms.

In development for almost 4 years, Lwan was until now a personal research
effort that focused mostly on building a **solid infrastructure** for
a lightweight and speedy web server:

  - Low memory footprint (~500KiB for 10k idle connections)
  - Minimal memory allocations & copies
  - Minimal system calls
  - Hand-crafted HTTP request parser
  - Files are served using the most efficient way according to their size
    - No copies between kernel and userland for files larger than 16KiB
    - Smaller files are sent using vectored I/O of memory-mapped buffers
    - Header overhead is considered before compressing small files
  - Mostly wait-free multi-threaded design
  - Diminute code base with roughly 7200 lines of C code

It is now transitioning into a fully working, capable HTTP server. It is
not, however, as feature-packed as other popular web servers. But it is
[free software](http://www.gnu.org/philosophy/free-sw.html), so scratching
your own itches and making Lwan hum the way you want it to is possible.

---
[**netdata**](https://github.com/firehol/netdata) is a system for distributed real-time performance and health monitoring. It provides unparalleled insights, in real-time, of everything happening on the system it runs (including applications such as web and database servers), using modern interactive web dashboards.

netdata is fast and efficient, designed to permanently run on all systems (physical & virtual servers, containers, IoT devices), without disrupting their core function.

![g1](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/2662304/14092712/93b039ea-f551-11e5-822c-beadbf2b2a2e.gif)


---
[**Skynet**](https://github.com/cloudwu/skynet) is a lightweight online game framework, and it can be used in many other fields.
