languages/CSS.md, before:

## Alphabetical index of projects in CSS

|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|---    |---    |---    |---    |---    |---    |    ---|
|[A](#a)|[B](#b)|[C](#c)|[D](#d)|[E](#e)|[F](#f)|[G](#g)|
|[H](#h)|[I](#i)|[J](#j)|[K](#k)|[L](#l)|[M](#m)|[N](#n)|
|[O](#o)|[P](#p)|[Q](#q)|[R](#r)|[S](#s)|[T](#t)|[U](#u)|
|[V](#v)|[W](#w)|[X](#x)|[Y](#y)|[Z](#z)|       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |

<br>

## A

[**Animate.css**](https://github.com/daneden/animate.css)  —  Animate.css is a bunch of cool, fun, and cross-browser animations for you to use in your projects. Great for emphasis, home pages, sliders, and general just-add-water-awesomeness.

![animate.css](http://imgur.com/l94yNRx.png)

---

## B

[**Bootstrap**](https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap) - The most popular HTML, CSS, and JavaScript framework for developing responsive, mobile first projects on the web.

![bootstrap](http://imgur.com/YHZifVh.png)

---

[**Bulma**](https://github.com/jgthms/bulma)  —  Bulma is a modern CSS framework based on Flexbox.

![bulma](http://imgur.com/Mn2mHI8.png)

---

## F

[**Foundation**](https://github.com/zurb/foundation-sites)  —  The most advanced responsive front-end framework in the world. Quickly create prototypes and production code for sites that work on any kind of device.

![foundation](http://imgur.com/gMugT6l.png)


## M
[**Materialize**](https://materializecss.com/) — A modern responsive front-end framework based on Material Design


## P

[**PostCSS**](https://github.com/postcss/postcss)  —  Transforming styles with JS plugins. These plugins can lint your CSS, support variables and mixins, transpile future CSS syntax, inline images, and more.

![postcss](http://imgur.com/iw2T89A.png)

---

[**Pure**](https://github.com/yahoo/pure)  —  A set of small, responsive CSS modules that you can use in every web project.

![pure](http://imgur.com/g0wa74Q.png)

---

## S

[**Semantic UI**](https://semantic-ui.com/) — Semantic is a development framework that helps create beautiful, responsive layouts using human-friendly HTML.

## T

[**Tachyons**](https://github.com/tachyons-css/tachyons)  —  Functional css for humans. Quickly build and design new UI without writing css.

[**Tailwind CSS**](https://github.com/tailwindcss/tailwindcss) — A utility-first CSS framework for rapid UI development.

---

## U

[**UIkit**](https://github.com/uikit/uikit) — A lightweight and modular front-end framework
for developing fast and powerful web interfaces.

![uikit](https://i.imgur.com/ZUogrbz.png)
 
---

Commit message:

Update CSS.md (#427)
All resources are live and active. Additionally, I added one new - codrops - it's an excellent source for beginners.

languages/CSS.md, after:

## Alphabetical index of projects in CSS

|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|---    |---    |---    |---    |---    |---    |    ---|
|[A](#a)|[B](#b)|[C](#c)|[D](#d)|[E](#e)|[F](#f)|[G](#g)|
|[H](#h)|[I](#i)|[J](#j)|[K](#k)|[L](#l)|[M](#m)|[N](#n)|
|[O](#o)|[P](#p)|[Q](#q)|[R](#r)|[S](#s)|[T](#t)|[U](#u)|
|[V](#v)|[W](#w)|[X](#x)|[Y](#y)|[Z](#z)|       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |

<br>

## A

[**Animate.css**](https://github.com/daneden/animate.css)  —  Animate.css is a bunch of cool, fun, and cross-browser animations for you to use in your projects. Great for emphasis, home pages, sliders, and general just-add-water-awesomeness.

![animate.css](http://imgur.com/l94yNRx.png)

---

## B

[**Bootstrap**](https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap) - The most popular HTML, CSS, and JavaScript framework for developing responsive, mobile first projects on the web.

![bootstrap](http://imgur.com/YHZifVh.png)

---

[**Bulma**](https://github.com/jgthms/bulma)  —  Bulma is a modern CSS framework based on Flexbox.

![bulma](http://imgur.com/Mn2mHI8.png)

---

## C

[**Codrop**](https://tympanus.net/codrops/css_reference/)  —  An extensive CSS reference made by codrops. It contain with all the important properties and info to learn CSS from the basics

![codrops](https://tympanus.net/codrops/wp-content/themes/codropstheme03/images/codrops-logo-1.svg)

## F

[**Foundation**](https://github.com/zurb/foundation-sites)  —  The most advanced responsive front-end framework in the world. Quickly create prototypes and production code for sites that work on any kind of device.

![foundation](http://imgur.com/gMugT6l.png)


## M
[**Materialize**](https://materializecss.com/) — A modern responsive front-end framework based on Material Design


## P

[**PostCSS**](https://github.com/postcss/postcss)  —  Transforming styles with JS plugins. These plugins can lint your CSS, support variables and mixins, transpile future CSS syntax, inline images, and more.

![postcss](http://imgur.com/iw2T89A.png)

---

[**Pure**](https://github.com/yahoo/pure)  —  A set of small, responsive CSS modules that you can use in every web project.

![pure](http://imgur.com/g0wa74Q.png)

---

## S

[**Semantic UI**](https://semantic-ui.com/) — Semantic is a development framework that helps create beautiful, responsive layouts using human-friendly HTML.

## T

[**Tachyons**](https://github.com/tachyons-css/tachyons)  —  Functional css for humans. Quickly build and design new UI without writing css.

[**Tailwind CSS**](https://github.com/tailwindcss/tailwindcss) — A utility-first CSS framework for rapid UI development.

---

## U

[**UIkit**](https://github.com/uikit/uikit) — A lightweight and modular front-end framework
for developing fast and powerful web interfaces.

![uikit](https://i.imgur.com/ZUogrbz.png)
 
---
