languages/HASKELL.md, before:

## Alphabetical index of projects in Haskell :

|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|---    |---    |---    |---    |---    |---    |    ---|
|[A](#a)|[B](#b)|[C](#c)|[D](#d)|[E](#e)|[F](#f)|[G](#g)|
|[H](#h)|[I](#i)|[J](#j)|[K](#k)|[L](#l)|[M](#m)|[N](#n)|
|[O](#o)|[P](#p)|[Q](#q)|[R](#r)|[S](#s)|[T](#t)|[U](#u)|
|[V](#v)|[W](#w)|[X](#x)|[Y](#y)|[Z](#z)|       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |

<br>

## G

[**Gifcurry**](https://github.com/lettier/gifcurry) is the open-source, Haskell-built video editor for GIF makers. Load a video, make some edits, and save it as a GIF—Gifcurry makes your life easy! Most video formats should work, so go wild. And since it's made with Haskell, you know it's good.

![gifcurry](https://i.imgur.com/SJ8zovM.gif)

---
[**Glance**](https://github.com/rgleichman/glance) is a visual syntax for the programming language Haskell. The goal of this project is to increase programmer happiness and productivity by allowing programmers to create and understand programs in new and different ways. Currently, the Glance executable produces a visual representation of your code in the form of an SVG image when given a textual Haskell source file. In the future, I hope to create a visual editor for Haskell. Please scroll down to see some example images.

---

## H

[**hadolint**](https://github.com/lukasmartinelli/hadolint)  —  a smarter Dockerfile linter that helps you build best practice Docker images. The linter is parsing the Dockerfile into an AST and performs rules on top of the AST. hadolint written in Haskell.

![hadolint](https://github.com/lukasmartinelli/hadolint/raw/master/screenshot.png)

---
[**http-client**](https://github.com/snoyberg/http-client) is a mega-repo for housing the http-client family of packages for Haskell. These packages provide a low level HTTP client engine (http-client), different backends for providing SSL support (http-client-tls and http-client-openssl), and higher-level APIs for user convenience (http-conduit).

--- 

## P

[**Pandoc**](https://github.com/jgm/pandoc) is a Haskell library for converting from one markup format to another, and a command-line tool that uses this library. It can read Markdown, CommonMark, PHP Markdown Extra, GitHub-Flavored Markdown, MultiMarkdown, and (subsets of) Textile, reStructuredText, HTML, LaTeX, MediaWiki markup, TWiki markup, Haddock markup, OPML, Emacs Org mode, DocBook, txt2tags, EPUB, ODT and Word docx; and it can write plain text, Markdown, CommonMark, PHP Markdown Extra,GitHub-Flavored Markdown, MultiMarkdown, reStructuredText, XHTML, HTML5, LaTeX (including beamer slide shows), ConTeXt, RTF, OPML, DocBook, OpenDocument, ODT, Word docx, GNU Texinfo, MediaWiki markup, DokuWiki markup, ZimWiki markup, Haddock markup, EPUB (v2 or v3), FictionBook2, Textile, groff man pages, Emacs Org mode, AsciiDoc, InDesign ICML, TEI Simple, and Slidy, Slideous, DZSlides, reveal.js or S5 HTML slide shows. It can also produce PDF output on systems where LaTeX, ConTeXt, or wkhtmltopdf is installed.

![pandoc](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*LyYHxYObKJg0DCi9.png)

---

[**postgrest**](https://github.com/begriffs/postgrest)  —  PostgREST serves a fully RESTful API from any existing PostgreSQL database. It provides a cleaner, more standards-compliant, faster API than you are likely to write from scratch. PostgREST written in Haskell.

---

## S

[**Stack**](https://github.com/commercialhaskell/stack) is a cross-platform program for developing Haskell projects. It is intended for Haskellers both new and experienced.

---

## Y

[**Yesod**](https://github.com/yesodweb/yesod)  —  an advanced RESTful web framework using the Haskell programming language.

Commit message:

Add XMonad to Haskell projects
I think the Haskell projects list is very short compared to what exists in the world.

I'm proposing this PR to add XMonad (as it is one of the flagship projects for Haskell) and if you are ok with it I can propose a larger one with a few more suggestions.

languages/HASKELL.md, after:

## Alphabetical index of projects in Haskell :

|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|---    |---    |---    |---    |---    |---    |    ---|
|[A](#a)|[B](#b)|[C](#c)|[D](#d)|[E](#e)|[F](#f)|[G](#g)|
|[H](#h)|[I](#i)|[J](#j)|[K](#k)|[L](#l)|[M](#m)|[N](#n)|
|[O](#o)|[P](#p)|[Q](#q)|[R](#r)|[S](#s)|[T](#t)|[U](#u)|
|[V](#v)|[W](#w)|[X](#x)|[Y](#y)|[Z](#z)|       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |

<br>

## G

[**Gifcurry**](https://github.com/lettier/gifcurry) is the open-source, Haskell-built video editor for GIF makers. Load a video, make some edits, and save it as a GIF—Gifcurry makes your life easy! Most video formats should work, so go wild. And since it's made with Haskell, you know it's good.

![gifcurry](https://i.imgur.com/SJ8zovM.gif)

---
[**Glance**](https://github.com/rgleichman/glance) is a visual syntax for the programming language Haskell. The goal of this project is to increase programmer happiness and productivity by allowing programmers to create and understand programs in new and different ways. Currently, the Glance executable produces a visual representation of your code in the form of an SVG image when given a textual Haskell source file. In the future, I hope to create a visual editor for Haskell. Please scroll down to see some example images.

---

## H

[**hadolint**](https://github.com/lukasmartinelli/hadolint)  —  a smarter Dockerfile linter that helps you build best practice Docker images. The linter is parsing the Dockerfile into an AST and performs rules on top of the AST. hadolint written in Haskell.

![hadolint](https://github.com/lukasmartinelli/hadolint/raw/master/screenshot.png)

---
[**http-client**](https://github.com/snoyberg/http-client) is a mega-repo for housing the http-client family of packages for Haskell. These packages provide a low level HTTP client engine (http-client), different backends for providing SSL support (http-client-tls and http-client-openssl), and higher-level APIs for user convenience (http-conduit).

--- 

## P

[**Pandoc**](https://github.com/jgm/pandoc) is a Haskell library for converting from one markup format to another, and a command-line tool that uses this library. It can read Markdown, CommonMark, PHP Markdown Extra, GitHub-Flavored Markdown, MultiMarkdown, and (subsets of) Textile, reStructuredText, HTML, LaTeX, MediaWiki markup, TWiki markup, Haddock markup, OPML, Emacs Org mode, DocBook, txt2tags, EPUB, ODT and Word docx; and it can write plain text, Markdown, CommonMark, PHP Markdown Extra,GitHub-Flavored Markdown, MultiMarkdown, reStructuredText, XHTML, HTML5, LaTeX (including beamer slide shows), ConTeXt, RTF, OPML, DocBook, OpenDocument, ODT, Word docx, GNU Texinfo, MediaWiki markup, DokuWiki markup, ZimWiki markup, Haddock markup, EPUB (v2 or v3), FictionBook2, Textile, groff man pages, Emacs Org mode, AsciiDoc, InDesign ICML, TEI Simple, and Slidy, Slideous, DZSlides, reveal.js or S5 HTML slide shows. It can also produce PDF output on systems where LaTeX, ConTeXt, or wkhtmltopdf is installed.

![pandoc](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*LyYHxYObKJg0DCi9.png)

---

[**postgrest**](https://github.com/begriffs/postgrest)  —  PostgREST serves a fully RESTful API from any existing PostgreSQL database. It provides a cleaner, more standards-compliant, faster API than you are likely to write from scratch. PostgREST written in Haskell.

---

## S

[**Stack**](https://github.com/commercialhaskell/stack) is a cross-platform program for developing Haskell projects. It is intended for Haskellers both new and experienced.

---

## X

[**XMonad**](https://xmonad.org/) is a dynamically tiled window manager which is fully configurable in Haskell. It automates windows positioning, reducing time spent aligning new windows and searching for them.

![xmonad](https://wiki.haskell.org/wikiupload/thumb/b/b2/Byorgey-config.png/800px-Byorgey-config.png)

---

## Y

[**Yesod**](https://github.com/yesodweb/yesod)  —  an advanced RESTful web framework using the Haskell programming language.
