languages/JAVA.md, before:

## Alphabetical index of projects in Java:

|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|---    |---    |---    |---    |---    |---    |    ---|
|[A](#a)|[B](#b)|[C](#c)|[D](#d)|[E](#e)|[F](#f)|[G](#g)|
|[H](#h)|[I](#i)|[J](#j)|[K](#k)|[L](#l)|[M](#m)|[N](#n)|
|[O](#o)|[P](#p)|[Q](#q)|[R](#r)|[S](#s)|[T](#t)|[U](#u)|
|[V](#v)|[W](#w)|[X](#x)|[Y](#y)|[Z](#z)|       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |

<br>

## D

[**Druid**](https://github.com/druid-io/druid) is a distributed, column-oriented, real-time analytics data store that is commonly used to power exploratory dashboards in multi-tenant environments.

Druid excels as a data warehousing solution for fast aggregate queries on petabyte sized data sets. Druid supports a variety of flexible filters, exact calculations, approximate algorithms, and other useful calculations.

Druid can load both streaming and batch data and integrates with Samza, Kafka, Storm, Spark, and Hadoop.

## E

[**Encon**](https://github.com/appulse-projects/encon-java) - is a Java library, **E**rlang **N**ode **CON**nector, which allows your `JVM` app to duplex interact with `Erlang` or `Elixir` nodes. It is based on [Erlang Distribution Protocol](http://erlang.org/doc/apps/erts/erl_dist_protocol.html) and provides a convenient way to work with its components. The project consists of different sub-modules, start from basic elements like Erlang term serialization/deserialization, continue to Erlang distribution protocol itself and end with data mapping and Spring integration.

The project's site: https://appulse.io

## L

[**libGDX**](https://github.com/libgdx/libgdx) is a cross-platform Java game development framework based on OpenGL (ES) that works on Windows, Linux, Mac OS X, Android, your WebGL enabled browser and iOS.

![libgdx](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/f70f169cab179f13f70e892b3251e6f2032be66d/687474703a2f2f6c69626764782e6261646c6f67696367616d65732e636f6d2f696d672f6c6f676f2e706e67)

## W
[**World War of Ants**](https://github.com/warofants/wwa) is a game about managing lives of ants, making sure their colony is fed, maintained, defended and prosperous. 

It is built with Java, and uses a command line interface for player input.

Commit message:

append openVALIDATION to Java List

languages/JAVA.md, after:

## Alphabetical index of projects in Java:

|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|---    |---    |---    |---    |---    |---    |    ---|
|[A](#a)|[B](#b)|[C](#c)|[D](#d)|[E](#e)|[F](#f)|[G](#g)|
|[H](#h)|[I](#i)|[J](#j)|[K](#k)|[L](#l)|[M](#m)|[N](#n)|
|[O](#o)|[P](#p)|[Q](#q)|[R](#r)|[S](#s)|[T](#t)|[U](#u)|
|[V](#v)|[W](#w)|[X](#x)|[Y](#y)|[Z](#z)|       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |

<br>

## D

[**Druid**](https://github.com/druid-io/druid) is a distributed, column-oriented, real-time analytics data store that is commonly used to power exploratory dashboards in multi-tenant environments.

Druid excels as a data warehousing solution for fast aggregate queries on petabyte sized data sets. Druid supports a variety of flexible filters, exact calculations, approximate algorithms, and other useful calculations.

Druid can load both streaming and batch data and integrates with Samza, Kafka, Storm, Spark, and Hadoop.

## E

[**Encon**](https://github.com/appulse-projects/encon-java) - is a Java library, **E**rlang **N**ode **CON**nector, which allows your `JVM` app to duplex interact with `Erlang` or `Elixir` nodes. It is based on [Erlang Distribution Protocol](http://erlang.org/doc/apps/erts/erl_dist_protocol.html) and provides a convenient way to work with its components. The project consists of different sub-modules, start from basic elements like Erlang term serialization/deserialization, continue to Erlang distribution protocol itself and end with data mapping and Spring integration.

The project's site: https://appulse.io

## L

[**libGDX**](https://github.com/libgdx/libgdx) is a cross-platform Java game development framework based on OpenGL (ES) that works on Windows, Linux, Mac OS X, Android, your WebGL enabled browser and iOS.

![libgdx](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/f70f169cab179f13f70e892b3251e6f2032be66d/687474703a2f2f6c69626764782e6261646c6f67696367616d65732e636f6d2f696d672f6c6f676f2e706e67)

## O

[**openVALIDATION**](https://github.com/openvalidation/openvalidation) OpenVALIDATION enables you to generate validation rules from natural language-like expressions in English and German without any knowledge in programming. The validation rules can be automatically translated by openVALIDATION into Java, JavaScript or C#, with more languages to come!

![openVALIDATION](https://github.com/openvalidation/openvalidation/blob/master/docs/first-screen.png)

## W
[**World War of Ants**](https://github.com/warofants/wwa) is a game about managing lives of ants, making sure their colony is fed, maintained, defended and prosperous. 

It is built with Java, and uses a command line interface for player input.
