languages/JAVASCRIPT.md, before:

## Alphabetical index of projects in Javascript:

|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|---    |---    |---    |---    |---    |---    |    ---|
|[A](#a)|[B](#b)|[C](#c)|[D](#d)|[E](#e)|[F](#f)|[G](#g)|
|[H](#h)|[I](#i)|[J](#j)|[K](#k)|[L](#l)|[M](#m)|[N](#n)|
|[P](#p)|[Q](#q)|[R](#r)|[S](#s)|[T](#t)|[U](#u)|[V](#v)|
|[W](#w)|[X](#x)|[Y](#y)|[Z](#z)|       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |

<br>

## A

[**A-Frame**](https://github.com/aframevr/aframe) is a web framework for building virtual reality (VR) experiences. A-Frame scenes are built with HTML and an entity-component architecture, that work across mobile, desktop, Vive, and Rift.

![aframe](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/674727/21375108/2c10b308-c6e0-11e6-945e-2394beb9a8ed.png)

---
[**Ace**](https://github.com/ajaxorg/ace)  —  Ace is a standalone code editor written in JavaScript.

Ace's goal is to create a browser based editor that matches and extends the features, usability and performance of existing native editors such as TextMate, Vim or Eclipse. It can be easily embedded in any web page or JavaScript application. Ace is developed as the primary editor for Cloud9 IDE and the successor of the Mozilla Skywriter (Bespin) Project.

[Check out the live demo](http://ace.c9.io/).

---
[**async**](https://github.com/caolan/async)  —  a utility module which provides straight-forward, powerful functions for working with asynchronous JavaScript. Although originally designed for use with Node.js and installable via npm install --save async, it can also be used directly in the browser.

![async](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*MB_a8lRqGYBy276_.jpg)

---
[**AVA**](https://github.com/avajs/ava) is Futuristic JavaScript test runner. Ava takes advantage of JavaScript asynchronism to runs your tests concurrently, which is especially beneficial for IO heavy tests. AVA has simple test syntax and enforces atomic tests.

![](http://i.imgur.com/sUreNq4.gif)

## B

[**babel**](https://github.com/babel/babel)  — :tropical_fish: Babel is a compiler for writing next generation JavaScript.

![babel](http://imgur.com/qiB3JcZ.png)

## C

[**Chart.js**](https://github.com/chartjs/Chart.js)  —  a simple HTML5 Charts using the canvas element.

Chart.js provides two different builds that are available for your use. The Chart.js and Chart.min.js files include Chart.js and the accompanying color parsing library. If this version is used and you require the use of the time axis, Moment.js will need to be included before Chart.js.

![chart.js](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*bFZZQzdNeZkoy3Ov.jpg)

---
[**Clipboard.js**](https://github.com/zenorocha/clipboard.js)  —  Modern copy to clipboard. No Flash. Just 3kb gzipped.

![clipboard.js](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/398893/16165747/a0f6fc46-349a-11e6-8c9b-c5fd58d9099c.png)

---
[**Countly**](https://github.com/countly/countly-server)  —  A plugin-based, real-time mobile, web and desktop analytics platform with more than 10 different SDKs. Countly also includes an extensive push notifications and crash reporting service for mobile devices.

![countly](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/f60fc1f56ac415bde000defba9c26a8469404866/687474703a2f2f636f756e742e6c792f77702d636f6e74656e742f75706c6f6164732f323031362f31322f636f756e746c795f64617368626f6172645f636f6d6d756e6974795f31365f31322e706e67)

## D

[**D3**](https://github.com/d3/d3)  —  a JavaScript library for visualizing data using web standards. D3 helps you bring data to life using SVG, Canvas and HTML. D3 combines powerful visualization and interaction techniques with a data-driven approach to DOM manipulation, giving you the full capabilities of modern browsers and the freedom to design the right visual interface for your data.

![d3](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*bxHj6VbZ9lApwWyo.jpg)

---
[**Dillinger**](https://github.com/joemccann/dillinger) - Online Markdown Editor.

This is a cloud-enabled, mobile-ready, offline-storage, AngularJS powered HTML5 Markdown editor. Allows importing of HTML files, exporting as Markdown/HTML/PDF, drag and drop files into the editor, and importing/saving files through GitHub, Dropbox, GooglDrive, and OneDrive.

![dillinger](https://i.imgur.com/q4MHIi2.png)

---
[**Docsify**](https://github.com/QingWei-Li/docsify)  —  :black_joker: A magical documentation site generator.

![docsify](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/QingWei-Li/docsify/master/media/docsify.png)

---
[**Dragula**](https://github.com/bevacqua/dragula)  —  :ok_hand: Drag and drop so simple it hurts.

![dragula](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bevacqua/dragula/master/resources/logo.png)

[Check out the live demo](http://bevacqua.github.io/dragula/).

## E

[**Enzyme**](https://github.com/airbnb/enzyme) is a JavaScript Testing utility for React that makes it easier to assert, manipulate, and traverse your React Components’ output.

Enzyme’s API is meant to be intuitive and flexible by mimicking jQuery’s API for DOM manipulation and traversal.

Enzyme is unopinionated regarding which test runner or assertion library you use, and should be compatible with all major test runners and assertion libraries out there. The documentation and examples for enzyme use mocha and chai, but you should be able to extrapolate to your framework of choice.

---
[**Express**](https://github.com/expressjs/express)  — Fast, unopinionated, minimalist web framework for node.  

![express](http://imgur.com/mSHVwME.png)

## F

[**Fabric.js**](https://github.com/kangax/fabric.js) is a framework that makes it easy to work with HTML5 canvas element. It is an interactive object model on top of canvas element. It is also an SVG-to-canvas parser.

![fabric](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kangax/fabric.js/master/lib/screenshot.png)

---
[**fullPage.js**](https://github.com/alvarotrigo/fullPage.js) - a simple and easy to use plugin to create fullscreen scrolling websites (also known as single page websites or onepage sites). It allows the creation of fullscreen scrolling websites, as well as adding some landscape sliders inside the sections of the site.

![fullpage](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/0a9ce533243ea122eb9fba3f93efb5426cc8b6e1/68747470733a2f2f7261772e6769746875622e636f6d2f616c7661726f747269676f2f66756c6c506167652e6a732f6d61737465722f6578616d706c65732f696d67732f696e74726f2e706e67)

## G

[**ggraph**](https://github.com/pcbje/ggraph) - Graph visualization for messy data.

This is a library built on top D3 with the goal of improving how we work with large and messy graphs. It extends the notion of nodes and links with groups of nodes. This is useful when multiple nodes are in fact the same thing or belong to the same group.

![ggraph](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/237e6715d16021d83a42a4fa2923e96f7b27f540/68747470733a2f2f6772616e736b2e636f6d2f6767726170682f6767726170682e676966)

---
[**Ghost**](https://github.com/TryGhost/Ghost)  — A simple, powerful publishing platform.

![ghost](http://imgur.com/gLARrBe.png)

---
[**Gulp**](https://github.com/gulpjs/gulp)  — The streaming build system.

![gulp](http://imgur.com/92epDTJ.png)

## H

[**Hexo**](https://github.com/hexojs/hexo)  —  A fast, simple & powerful blog framework, powered by Node.js.

![hexo](http://imgur.com/EpeRsnm.png)

---
[**Hyper**](https://github.com/zeit/hyper)  —  A terminal built on web technologies.

![hyper](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/zeit/art/525bd1bb39d97dd3b91c976106a6d5cc5766b678/hyper/repo-banner.png)

It is written in HTML, CSS & JavaScript.

## I

[**Impress.js**](https://github.com/impress/impress.js)  —  It's a presentation framework based on the power of CSS3 transforms and transitions in modern browsers.

Impress.js is inspired by the idea behind [Prezi](https://prezi.com/).

[Check out the live demo](http://impress.github.io/impress.js).

---
[**Iroh**](https://github.com/maierfelix/Iroh) is a dynamic code analysis tool for JavaScript. Iroh allows to record your code flow in realtime, intercept runtime values and manipulate program behaviour on the fly.

<p align="center">
  <a href="//maierfelix.github.io/Iroh/">
    <img alt="Iroh" src="http://i.imgur.com/q7DYXfF.png" height="175">
  </a>
</p>

## L

[**LaTeX Resume Generator**](https://github.com/saadq/latexresu.me) is an easy to use webapp for creating elegant LaTeX resumes without the need to write any TeX code yourself. Built with Node.js and React.

![](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/de0532955fea66f17b749ef96c7efdbfad2e8bd2/687474703a2f2f692e696d6775722e636f6d2f547665617065372e706e67)

---
[**lodash**](https://github.com/lodash/lodash)  — A modern JavaScript utility library delivering modularity, performance, & extras.

![lodash](http://imgur.com/dIzDcos.png)

## M

[**Marko**](https://github.com/marko-js/marko) is a friendly and super fast UI library that makes building web apps fun!

![marko](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3771924/29725582-a043b5fe-899a-11e7-83f8-215fdc904256.png)

---
[**medium-editor**](https://github.com/yabwe/medium-editor) - Medium.com WYSIWYG editor clone. Uses contenteditable API to implement a rich text solution.

![me](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/d86c82faf35336867c2b66ed0b931209fe0be224/68747470733a2f2f7261772e6769746875622e636f6d2f79616277652f6d656469756d2d656469746f722f6d61737465722f64656d6f2f696d672f6d656469756d2d656469746f722e6a7067)

---
[**Moment.js**](https://github.com/moment/moment)  —  a lightweight JavaScript date library for parsing, validating, manipulating, and formatting dates.

![moment.js](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*DP6jZMrfJIt2znNM.png)

---
[**Mongotron **](https://github.com/officert/mongotron) —  a MongoDB GUI built using Electron, and Angular JS.

![mongotron](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*TdQw5EQvFq6vOXX1.)

## N

[**N1 **](https://github.com/nylas/N1) —  an open-source mail client built on the modern web with Electron, React, and Flux. It is designed to be extensible, so it’s easy to create new experiences and workflows around email. N1 is built on the Nylas Sync Engine, which is also open-source free software.

![logo](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*47dEbQUDUuduqWTQ.)
![main](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*-hGOgH1DGkciuud9.)

## P

[**PhotoSwipe**](https://github.com/dimsemenov/PhotoSwipe)  —  JavaScript image gallery for mobile and desktop, modular, framework independent.

---
[**PM2**](http://github.com/Unitech/pm2) is a production process manager for Node.js applications with a built-in load balancer. It allows you to keep applications alive forever, to reload them without downtime and to facilitate common system admin tasks.

![Process listing](https://github.com/unitech/pm2/raw/master/pres/pm2-list.png)

---
[**PouchDB**](https://github.com/pouchdb/pouchdb) is an open-source JavaScript database inspired by Apache CouchDB that is designed to run well within the browser.

PouchDB was created to help web developers build applications that work as well offline as they do online.
It enables applications to store data locally while offline, then synchronize it with CouchDB and compatible servers when the application is back online, keeping the user's data in sync no matter where they next login.

Usage:
```javascript
var db = new PouchDB('dbname');

db.put({
  _id: 'dave@gmail.com',
  name: 'David',
  age: 69
});

db.changes().on('change', function() {
  console.log('Ch-Ch-Changes');
});

db.replicate.to('http://example.com/mydb');
```

## R

[**React Showroom**](https://github.com/OpusCapita/react-showroom-client) is a [react](https://github.com/facebook/react) based components catalog which provides you with markdown documentation and live examples.

![React Showroom demo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OpusCapita/react-showroom-client/master/docs/demo.gif)

---
[**Reveal.js**](https://github.com/hakimel/reveal.js)  — A framework for easily creating beautiful presentations using HTML.

[Check out the live demo](http://lab.hakim.se/reveal-js/).

reveal.js comes with a broad range of features including [nested slides](https://github.com/hakimel/reveal.js#markup), [Markdown contents](https://github.com/hakimel/reveal.js#markdown), [PDF export](https://github.com/hakimel/reveal.js#pdf-export), [speaker notes](https://github.com/hakimel/reveal.js#speaker-notes) and a [JavaScript API](https://github.com/hakimel/reveal.js#api). There's also a fully featured visual editor and platform for sharing reveal.js presentations at [slides.com](https://slides.com?ref=github).

## S

[**sigma.js** ](https://github.com/jacomyal/sigma.js) —  a JavaScript library dedicated to graph drawing.

![sigma](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*rhhK5CbcRhe1KfDD.jpg)

---
[**socket.io**](https://github.com/socketio/socket.io) —  Realtime application framework (Node.JS server).

![socket.io](http://imgur.com/2p9ICjI.png)

---
[**strider**](https://github.com/Strider-CD/strider)  —  an Open Source Continuous Deployment / Continuous Integration platform. It is written in Node.JS / JavaScript and uses MongoDB as a backing store. It is published under the BSD license.

![strider](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*xth8wmt1O-zAf3Hy.jpg)

---
[**SweetAlert2**](https://github.com/limonte/sweetalert2)  —  An awesome replacement for JavaScript's alert.

[Check out the live demo](https://github.com/limonte/sweetalert2).

![sweetalert](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/3144fa643139adee4eb7d01e2e0a63c12d0e0a72/68747470733a2f2f7261772e6769746875622e636f6d2f743474352f7377656574616c6572742f6d61737465722f7377656574616c6572742e676966)

## T

[**TestCafe**](https://github.com/DevExpress/testcafe) is a pure node.js end-to-end solution for testing web apps. It takes care of all the stages: starting browsers, running tests, gathering test results and generating reports. TestCafe doesn’t need browser plugins - it works in all popular modern browsers out-of-the-box.

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DevExpress/testcafe/master/media/install-and-run-test.gif)

---
[**Three.js**](https://github.com/mrdoob/three.js) is a cross-browser JavaScript library/API used to create and display animated 3D computer graphics in a web browser. Three.js uses WebGL.

![three](http://www.awwwards.com/awards/images/2014/09/threejs-img8.jpg)

## V

[**Video.js**](https://github.com/videojs/video.js)  —   An Open source HTML5 & Flash video player.

> Video.js is a web video player built from the ground up for an HTML5 world. It supports HTML5 and Flash video, as well as YouTube and Vimeo (through [plugins][plugins]). It supports video playback on desktops and mobile devices. This project was started mid 2010, and the player is now used on over ~~50,000~~ ~~100,000~~ ~~200,000~~ [400,000 websites][builtwith].

[Check out the live demo](http://www.videojs.com/).

## W

[**Webpack**](https://github.com/webpack/webpack)  — Webpack is a module bundler. Its main purpose is to bundle JavaScript files for usage in a browser, yet it is also capable of transforming, bundling, or packaging just about any resource or asset.

![webpack](http://imgur.com/i5lsaAm.png)

---
[**WebTorrent**](https://github.com/feross/webtorrent)  —  :zap: Streaming torrent client for the web.

![webtorrent](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/357343e823b1c8d37418edce5ac401832eda2d27/68747470733a2f2f776562746f7272656e742e696f2f696d672f576562546f7272656e742e706e67)

WebTorrent is a streaming torrent client for node.js and the browser.

---
[**Wintersmith**](https://github.com/jnordberg/wintersmith)  —  A simple yet flexible static site generator. It takes contents (markdown, less, scripts, etc), transforms them using plugins and outputs a static website (html, css, images, etc) that you can host anywhere.

![wintersmith](http://wintersmith.io/images/wintersmith.svg)

## Y

[**yarn**](https://github.com/yarnpkg/yarn)  — :package::cat2: Fast, reliable, and secure dependency management.

![yarn](http://imgur.com/6tILzw8.png)

Commit message:

Added AR.js and Gatsby (#121)

languages/JAVASCRIPT.md, after:

## Alphabetical index of projects in Javascript:

|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|---    |---    |---    |---    |---    |---    |    ---|
|[A](#a)|[B](#b)|[C](#c)|[D](#d)|[E](#e)|[F](#f)|[G](#g)|
|[H](#h)|[I](#i)|[J](#j)|[K](#k)|[L](#l)|[M](#m)|[N](#n)|
|[P](#p)|[Q](#q)|[R](#r)|[S](#s)|[T](#t)|[U](#u)|[V](#v)|
|[W](#w)|[X](#x)|[Y](#y)|[Z](#z)|       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |

<br>

## A

[**A-Frame**](https://github.com/aframevr/aframe) is a web framework for building virtual reality (VR) experiences. A-Frame scenes are built with HTML and an entity-component architecture, that work across mobile, desktop, Vive, and Rift.

![aframe](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/674727/21375108/2c10b308-c6e0-11e6-945e-2394beb9a8ed.png)

---
[**Ace**](https://github.com/ajaxorg/ace)  —  Ace is a standalone code editor written in JavaScript.

Ace's goal is to create a browser based editor that matches and extends the features, usability and performance of existing native editors such as TextMate, Vim or Eclipse. It can be easily embedded in any web page or JavaScript application. Ace is developed as the primary editor for Cloud9 IDE and the successor of the Mozilla Skywriter (Bespin) Project.

[Check out the live demo](http://ace.c9.io/).

---
[**AR.js**](https://github.com/jeromeetienne/AR.js) - Augmented Reality for the Web

Efficient Augmented Reality for the Web built on A-Frame.

![AR.js](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/252962/27472386-0d11e59a-57f3-11e7-9fa5-34332c5484f7.png)

---
[**async**](https://github.com/caolan/async)  —  a utility module which provides straight-forward, powerful functions for working with asynchronous JavaScript. Although originally designed for use with Node.js and installable via npm install --save async, it can also be used directly in the browser.

![async](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*MB_a8lRqGYBy276_.jpg)

---
[**AVA**](https://github.com/avajs/ava) is Futuristic JavaScript test runner. Ava takes advantage of JavaScript asynchronism to runs your tests concurrently, which is especially beneficial for IO heavy tests. AVA has simple test syntax and enforces atomic tests.

![](http://i.imgur.com/sUreNq4.gif)

## B

[**babel**](https://github.com/babel/babel)  — :tropical_fish: Babel is a compiler for writing next generation JavaScript.

![babel](http://imgur.com/qiB3JcZ.png)

## C

[**Chart.js**](https://github.com/chartjs/Chart.js)  —  a simple HTML5 Charts using the canvas element.

Chart.js provides two different builds that are available for your use. The Chart.js and Chart.min.js files include Chart.js and the accompanying color parsing library. If this version is used and you require the use of the time axis, Moment.js will need to be included before Chart.js.

![chart.js](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*bFZZQzdNeZkoy3Ov.jpg)

---
[**Clipboard.js**](https://github.com/zenorocha/clipboard.js)  —  Modern copy to clipboard. No Flash. Just 3kb gzipped.

![clipboard.js](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/398893/16165747/a0f6fc46-349a-11e6-8c9b-c5fd58d9099c.png)

---
[**Countly**](https://github.com/countly/countly-server)  —  A plugin-based, real-time mobile, web and desktop analytics platform with more than 10 different SDKs. Countly also includes an extensive push notifications and crash reporting service for mobile devices.

![countly](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/f60fc1f56ac415bde000defba9c26a8469404866/687474703a2f2f636f756e742e6c792f77702d636f6e74656e742f75706c6f6164732f323031362f31322f636f756e746c795f64617368626f6172645f636f6d6d756e6974795f31365f31322e706e67)

## D

[**D3**](https://github.com/d3/d3)  —  a JavaScript library for visualizing data using web standards. D3 helps you bring data to life using SVG, Canvas and HTML. D3 combines powerful visualization and interaction techniques with a data-driven approach to DOM manipulation, giving you the full capabilities of modern browsers and the freedom to design the right visual interface for your data.

![d3](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*bxHj6VbZ9lApwWyo.jpg)

---
[**Dillinger**](https://github.com/joemccann/dillinger) - Online Markdown Editor.

This is a cloud-enabled, mobile-ready, offline-storage, AngularJS powered HTML5 Markdown editor. Allows importing of HTML files, exporting as Markdown/HTML/PDF, drag and drop files into the editor, and importing/saving files through GitHub, Dropbox, GooglDrive, and OneDrive.

![dillinger](https://i.imgur.com/q4MHIi2.png)

---
[**Docsify**](https://github.com/QingWei-Li/docsify)  —  :black_joker: A magical documentation site generator.

![docsify](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/QingWei-Li/docsify/master/media/docsify.png)

---
[**Dragula**](https://github.com/bevacqua/dragula)  —  :ok_hand: Drag and drop so simple it hurts.

![dragula](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bevacqua/dragula/master/resources/logo.png)

[Check out the live demo](http://bevacqua.github.io/dragula/).

## E

[**Enzyme**](https://github.com/airbnb/enzyme) is a JavaScript Testing utility for React that makes it easier to assert, manipulate, and traverse your React Components’ output.

Enzyme’s API is meant to be intuitive and flexible by mimicking jQuery’s API for DOM manipulation and traversal.

Enzyme is unopinionated regarding which test runner or assertion library you use, and should be compatible with all major test runners and assertion libraries out there. The documentation and examples for enzyme use mocha and chai, but you should be able to extrapolate to your framework of choice.

---
[**Express**](https://github.com/expressjs/express)  — Fast, unopinionated, minimalist web framework for node.  

![express](http://imgur.com/mSHVwME.png)

## F

[**Fabric.js**](https://github.com/kangax/fabric.js) is a framework that makes it easy to work with HTML5 canvas element. It is an interactive object model on top of canvas element. It is also an SVG-to-canvas parser.

![fabric](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kangax/fabric.js/master/lib/screenshot.png)

---
[**fullPage.js**](https://github.com/alvarotrigo/fullPage.js) - a simple and easy to use plugin to create fullscreen scrolling websites (also known as single page websites or onepage sites). It allows the creation of fullscreen scrolling websites, as well as adding some landscape sliders inside the sections of the site.

![fullpage](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/0a9ce533243ea122eb9fba3f93efb5426cc8b6e1/68747470733a2f2f7261772e6769746875622e636f6d2f616c7661726f747269676f2f66756c6c506167652e6a732f6d61737465722f6578616d706c65732f696d67732f696e74726f2e706e67)

## G
[**Gatsby**](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby) - ⚛️📄🚀 Blazing-fast site generator for React

Gatsby is a blazing-fast static site generator for React. Powered By GraphQL and super extensive

![gatsby](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/ac31ac54c2013850b0fb8a3a4926f4718a398fb3/68747470733a2f2f7777772e6761747362796a732e6f72672f6d6f6e6f6772616d2e737667)

---
[**ggraph**](https://github.com/pcbje/ggraph) - Graph visualization for messy data.

This is a library built on top D3 with the goal of improving how we work with large and messy graphs. It extends the notion of nodes and links with groups of nodes. This is useful when multiple nodes are in fact the same thing or belong to the same group.

![ggraph](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/237e6715d16021d83a42a4fa2923e96f7b27f540/68747470733a2f2f6772616e736b2e636f6d2f6767726170682f6767726170682e676966)

---
[**Ghost**](https://github.com/TryGhost/Ghost)  — A simple, powerful publishing platform.

![ghost](http://imgur.com/gLARrBe.png)

---
[**Gulp**](https://github.com/gulpjs/gulp)  — The streaming build system.

![gulp](http://imgur.com/92epDTJ.png)

## H

[**Hexo**](https://github.com/hexojs/hexo)  —  A fast, simple & powerful blog framework, powered by Node.js.

![hexo](http://imgur.com/EpeRsnm.png)

---
[**Hyper**](https://github.com/zeit/hyper)  —  A terminal built on web technologies.

![hyper](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/zeit/art/525bd1bb39d97dd3b91c976106a6d5cc5766b678/hyper/repo-banner.png)

It is written in HTML, CSS & JavaScript.

## I

[**Impress.js**](https://github.com/impress/impress.js)  —  It's a presentation framework based on the power of CSS3 transforms and transitions in modern browsers.

Impress.js is inspired by the idea behind [Prezi](https://prezi.com/).

[Check out the live demo](http://impress.github.io/impress.js).

---
[**Iroh**](https://github.com/maierfelix/Iroh) is a dynamic code analysis tool for JavaScript. Iroh allows to record your code flow in realtime, intercept runtime values and manipulate program behaviour on the fly.

<p align="center">
  <a href="//maierfelix.github.io/Iroh/">
    <img alt="Iroh" src="http://i.imgur.com/q7DYXfF.png" height="175">
  </a>
</p>

## L

[**LaTeX Resume Generator**](https://github.com/saadq/latexresu.me) is an easy to use webapp for creating elegant LaTeX resumes without the need to write any TeX code yourself. Built with Node.js and React.

![](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/de0532955fea66f17b749ef96c7efdbfad2e8bd2/687474703a2f2f692e696d6775722e636f6d2f547665617065372e706e67)

---
[**lodash**](https://github.com/lodash/lodash)  — A modern JavaScript utility library delivering modularity, performance, & extras.

![lodash](http://imgur.com/dIzDcos.png)

## M

[**Marko**](https://github.com/marko-js/marko) is a friendly and super fast UI library that makes building web apps fun!

![marko](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3771924/29725582-a043b5fe-899a-11e7-83f8-215fdc904256.png)

---
[**medium-editor**](https://github.com/yabwe/medium-editor) - Medium.com WYSIWYG editor clone. Uses contenteditable API to implement a rich text solution.

![me](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/d86c82faf35336867c2b66ed0b931209fe0be224/68747470733a2f2f7261772e6769746875622e636f6d2f79616277652f6d656469756d2d656469746f722f6d61737465722f64656d6f2f696d672f6d656469756d2d656469746f722e6a7067)

---
[**Moment.js**](https://github.com/moment/moment)  —  a lightweight JavaScript date library for parsing, validating, manipulating, and formatting dates.

![moment.js](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*DP6jZMrfJIt2znNM.png)

---
[**Mongotron **](https://github.com/officert/mongotron) —  a MongoDB GUI built using Electron, and Angular JS.

![mongotron](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*TdQw5EQvFq6vOXX1.)

## N

[**N1 **](https://github.com/nylas/N1) —  an open-source mail client built on the modern web with Electron, React, and Flux. It is designed to be extensible, so it’s easy to create new experiences and workflows around email. N1 is built on the Nylas Sync Engine, which is also open-source free software.

![logo](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*47dEbQUDUuduqWTQ.)
![main](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*-hGOgH1DGkciuud9.)

## P

[**PhotoSwipe**](https://github.com/dimsemenov/PhotoSwipe)  —  JavaScript image gallery for mobile and desktop, modular, framework independent.

---
[**PM2**](http://github.com/Unitech/pm2) is a production process manager for Node.js applications with a built-in load balancer. It allows you to keep applications alive forever, to reload them without downtime and to facilitate common system admin tasks.

![Process listing](https://github.com/unitech/pm2/raw/master/pres/pm2-list.png)

---
[**PouchDB**](https://github.com/pouchdb/pouchdb) is an open-source JavaScript database inspired by Apache CouchDB that is designed to run well within the browser.

PouchDB was created to help web developers build applications that work as well offline as they do online.
It enables applications to store data locally while offline, then synchronize it with CouchDB and compatible servers when the application is back online, keeping the user's data in sync no matter where they next login.

Usage:
```javascript
var db = new PouchDB('dbname');

db.put({
  _id: 'dave@gmail.com',
  name: 'David',
  age: 69
});

db.changes().on('change', function() {
  console.log('Ch-Ch-Changes');
});

db.replicate.to('http://example.com/mydb');
```

## R

[**React Showroom**](https://github.com/OpusCapita/react-showroom-client) is a [react](https://github.com/facebook/react) based components catalog which provides you with markdown documentation and live examples.

![React Showroom demo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OpusCapita/react-showroom-client/master/docs/demo.gif)

---
[**Reveal.js**](https://github.com/hakimel/reveal.js)  — A framework for easily creating beautiful presentations using HTML.

[Check out the live demo](http://lab.hakim.se/reveal-js/).

reveal.js comes with a broad range of features including [nested slides](https://github.com/hakimel/reveal.js#markup), [Markdown contents](https://github.com/hakimel/reveal.js#markdown), [PDF export](https://github.com/hakimel/reveal.js#pdf-export), [speaker notes](https://github.com/hakimel/reveal.js#speaker-notes) and a [JavaScript API](https://github.com/hakimel/reveal.js#api). There's also a fully featured visual editor and platform for sharing reveal.js presentations at [slides.com](https://slides.com?ref=github).

## S

[**sigma.js** ](https://github.com/jacomyal/sigma.js) —  a JavaScript library dedicated to graph drawing.

![sigma](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*rhhK5CbcRhe1KfDD.jpg)

---
[**socket.io**](https://github.com/socketio/socket.io) —  Realtime application framework (Node.JS server).

![socket.io](http://imgur.com/2p9ICjI.png)

---
[**strider**](https://github.com/Strider-CD/strider)  —  an Open Source Continuous Deployment / Continuous Integration platform. It is written in Node.JS / JavaScript and uses MongoDB as a backing store. It is published under the BSD license.

![strider](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*xth8wmt1O-zAf3Hy.jpg)

---
[**SweetAlert2**](https://github.com/limonte/sweetalert2)  —  An awesome replacement for JavaScript's alert.

[Check out the live demo](https://github.com/limonte/sweetalert2).

![sweetalert](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/3144fa643139adee4eb7d01e2e0a63c12d0e0a72/68747470733a2f2f7261772e6769746875622e636f6d2f743474352f7377656574616c6572742f6d61737465722f7377656574616c6572742e676966)

## T

[**TestCafe**](https://github.com/DevExpress/testcafe) is a pure node.js end-to-end solution for testing web apps. It takes care of all the stages: starting browsers, running tests, gathering test results and generating reports. TestCafe doesn’t need browser plugins - it works in all popular modern browsers out-of-the-box.

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DevExpress/testcafe/master/media/install-and-run-test.gif)

---
[**Three.js**](https://github.com/mrdoob/three.js) is a cross-browser JavaScript library/API used to create and display animated 3D computer graphics in a web browser. Three.js uses WebGL.

![three](http://www.awwwards.com/awards/images/2014/09/threejs-img8.jpg)

## V

[**Video.js**](https://github.com/videojs/video.js)  —   An Open source HTML5 & Flash video player.

> Video.js is a web video player built from the ground up for an HTML5 world. It supports HTML5 and Flash video, as well as YouTube and Vimeo (through [plugins][plugins]). It supports video playback on desktops and mobile devices. This project was started mid 2010, and the player is now used on over ~~50,000~~ ~~100,000~~ ~~200,000~~ [400,000 websites][builtwith].

[Check out the live demo](http://www.videojs.com/).

## W

[**Webpack**](https://github.com/webpack/webpack)  — Webpack is a module bundler. Its main purpose is to bundle JavaScript files for usage in a browser, yet it is also capable of transforming, bundling, or packaging just about any resource or asset.

![webpack](http://imgur.com/i5lsaAm.png)

---
[**WebTorrent**](https://github.com/feross/webtorrent)  —  :zap: Streaming torrent client for the web.

![webtorrent](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/357343e823b1c8d37418edce5ac401832eda2d27/68747470733a2f2f776562746f7272656e742e696f2f696d672f576562546f7272656e742e706e67)

WebTorrent is a streaming torrent client for node.js and the browser.

---
[**Wintersmith**](https://github.com/jnordberg/wintersmith)  —  A simple yet flexible static site generator. It takes contents (markdown, less, scripts, etc), transforms them using plugins and outputs a static website (html, css, images, etc) that you can host anywhere.

![wintersmith](http://wintersmith.io/images/wintersmith.svg)

## Y

[**yarn**](https://github.com/yarnpkg/yarn)  — :package::cat2: Fast, reliable, and secure dependency management.

![yarn](http://imgur.com/6tILzw8.png)
