languages/LUA.md, before:

## Alphabetical index of projects in Lua:

|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|---    |---    |---    |---    |---    |---    |    ---|
|[A](#a)|[B](#b)|[C](#c)|[D](#d)|[E](#e)|[F](#f)|[G](#g)|
|[H](#h)|[I](#i)|[J](#j)|[K](#k)|[L](#l)|[M](#m)|[N](#n)|
|[O](#o)|[P](#p)|[Q](#q)|[R](#r)|[S](#s)|[T](#t)|[U](#u)|
|[V](#v)|[W](#w)|[X](#x)|[Y](#y)|[Z](#z)|       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |

<br>

## K

[**KOReader**](https://github.com/koreader/koreader)  —  a document viewer application, originally created for Kindle e-ink readers. It currently runs on Kindle, Kobo, PocketBook, Ubuntu Touch and Android (2.3+) devices. Developers can also run KOReader emulator for development purpose on desktop PC with Linux and Windows and Mac OSX (experimental for now).

## L

[**Lapis**](https://github.com/leafo/lapis) —  a web framework for Lua and OpenResty.

---

[**Lor**](https://github.com/sumory/lor) —  a fast and minimalist web framework based on OpenResty.

Example:

```lua
local lor = require("lor.index")
local app = lor()

app:get("/", function(req, res, next)
    res:send("hello world!")
end)

app:run()
```

---

[**Love2D**](https://github.com/love2d/love) - a simple 2D game framework for Lua.

Example:

```lua
function love.load()
  whale = love.graphics.newImage('whale.png')
end

function love.draw()
  love.graphics.draw(whale, 300, 200)
end
```

[**luaposix**](https://github.com/luaposix/luaposix) - a wrapper over POSIX function to fill the gaps of lua standard library.  This makes lua capable of implementing everything, only with this single library.

---

[**LuaRocks**](https://github.com/luarocks/luarocks)  —  a package manager for Lua modules.

![luarocks](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*sawSUbg8SqRSpEha.)

## M

[**MoonScript**](https://github.com/leafo/moonscript) - a programmer friendly language that compiles into Lua. It gives you the power of the fastest scripting language combined with a rich set of features.

## O

[**OpenResty**](https://github.com/openresty/openresty)  —  a full-fledged web platform by integrating the standard Nginx core, LuaJIT, many carefully written Lua libraries, lots of high quality 3rd-party Nginx modules, and most of their external dependencies. It is designed to help developers easily build scalable web applications, web services, and dynamic web gateways.

![or](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*Cfdc37-ND1PhOI70.jpg)

## T

[**Telize**](https://github.com/fcambus/telize) —  a REST API built on Nginx and Lua allowing to get a visitor IP address and to query location information from any IP address. It outputs JSON-encoded IP geolocation data, and supports both JSON and JSONP.

```
t  e  l  i  z  e
                       _______________________
                 ______\                     /_______
                \\     \\           ___     //      /
           __    \ ____  \   __    /   \   _____/\ / ____
       ___/  \____/  _//____/  \___\___/___\__   /__/  _//____
      \\__    ____  __/  __     __      ____    ____  __/  __///
        /      \_   |/    \_     /       \/     /_/   |/    \_
      \\\   ___/\___       /____/\_______/\   ___/\___       /
  <0(--- \__/ -h7- \______/   \       .    \__/ ---- \______/ --(0>
                       \      .\     /.      .
                        \      .\   //      /
                         \______\\ //______/
                                  Y
```

Commit message:

Add SILE, a typesetting and layout engine written in Lua (#299)

languages/LUA.md, after:

## Alphabetical index of projects in Lua:

|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|---    |---    |---    |---    |---    |---    |    ---|
|[A](#a)|[B](#b)|[C](#c)|[D](#d)|[E](#e)|[F](#f)|[G](#g)|
|[H](#h)|[I](#i)|[J](#j)|[K](#k)|[L](#l)|[M](#m)|[N](#n)|
|[O](#o)|[P](#p)|[Q](#q)|[R](#r)|[S](#s)|[T](#t)|[U](#u)|
|[V](#v)|[W](#w)|[X](#x)|[Y](#y)|[Z](#z)|       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |

<br>

## K

[**KOReader**](https://github.com/koreader/koreader)  —  a document viewer application, originally created for Kindle e-ink readers. It currently runs on Kindle, Kobo, PocketBook, Ubuntu Touch and Android (2.3+) devices. Developers can also run KOReader emulator for development purpose on desktop PC with Linux and Windows and Mac OSX (experimental for now).

## L

[**Lapis**](https://github.com/leafo/lapis) —  a web framework for Lua and OpenResty.

---

[**Lor**](https://github.com/sumory/lor) —  a fast and minimalist web framework based on OpenResty.

Example:

```lua
local lor = require("lor.index")
local app = lor()

app:get("/", function(req, res, next)
    res:send("hello world!")
end)

app:run()
```

---

[**Love2D**](https://github.com/love2d/love) - a simple 2D game framework for Lua.

Example:

```lua
function love.load()
  whale = love.graphics.newImage('whale.png')
end

function love.draw()
  love.graphics.draw(whale, 300, 200)
end
```

[**luaposix**](https://github.com/luaposix/luaposix) - a wrapper over POSIX function to fill the gaps of lua standard library.  This makes lua capable of implementing everything, only with this single library.

---

[**LuaRocks**](https://github.com/luarocks/luarocks)  —  a package manager for Lua modules.

![luarocks](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*sawSUbg8SqRSpEha.)

## M

[**MoonScript**](https://github.com/leafo/moonscript) - a programmer friendly language that compiles into Lua. It gives you the power of the fastest scripting language combined with a rich set of features.

## O

[**OpenResty**](https://github.com/openresty/openresty)  —  a full-fledged web platform by integrating the standard Nginx core, LuaJIT, many carefully written Lua libraries, lots of high quality 3rd-party Nginx modules, and most of their external dependencies. It is designed to help developers easily build scalable web applications, web services, and dynamic web gateways.

![or](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*Cfdc37-ND1PhOI70.jpg)

## S

[**SILE**](https://github.com/sile-typesetter/sile) — a typesetting system for producing beautiful printed documents. Conceptually, SILE is similar to TeX –from which it borrows some concepts and even syntax and algorithms– but rather than being a derivative of the TeX family SILE is a new typesetting and layout engine written from the ground up using modern technologies and borrowing some ideas from graphical systems such as InDesign. Every aspect of the typesetting engine can be modified and extended using Lua.

## T

[**Telize**](https://github.com/fcambus/telize) —  a REST API built on Nginx and Lua allowing to get a visitor IP address and to query location information from any IP address. It outputs JSON-encoded IP geolocation data, and supports both JSON and JSONP.

```
t  e  l  i  z  e
                       _______________________
                 ______\                     /_______
                \\     \\           ___     //      /
           __    \ ____  \   __    /   \   _____/\ / ____
       ___/  \____/  _//____/  \___\___/___\__   /__/  _//____
      \\__    ____  __/  __     __      ____    ____  __/  __///
        /      \_   |/    \_     /       \/     /_/   |/    \_
      \\\   ___/\___       /____/\_______/\   ___/\___       /
  <0(--- \__/ -h7- \______/   \       .    \__/ ---- \______/ --(0>
                       \      .\     /.      .
                        \      .\   //      /
                         \______\\ //______/
                                  Y
```
