languages/OCAML.md, before:

## OCaml

[**Reason**](https://github.com/facebook/reason) is a alternate syntax for OCaml. It's simple, fast & type safe code that leverages the JavaScript & OCaml ecosystems 

[**Coq**](https://github.com/coq/coq) is a formal proof management system. It provides a formal language to write mathematical definitions, executable algorithms and theorems together with an environment for semi-interactive development of machine-checked proofs.

![coq](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*aPH6qIRV-1xlUZat.png)

---
[**BuckleScript**](https://github.com/bloomberg/bucklescript) is a JavaScript backend for OCaml focused on smooth integration and clean generated code.

---
[**Tezos**](https://github.com/tezos/tezos/) is a distributed consensus platform with meta-consensus capability. Tezos not only comes to consensus about state, like BTC or ETH. It also comes to consensus about how the protocol and the nodes should adapt and upgrade.

---
[**Flow**](https://github.com/facebook/flow) is a static typechecker for JavaScript. To find out more about Flow, check out flowtype.org.

![flow](https://flowtype.org/assets/flow-logo.png)

---
[**Infer**](https://github.com/facebook/infer) is a static analysis tool for Java, Objective-C and C, written in OCaml.

---
[**mldonkey**](https://github.com/ygrek/mldonkey) is a cross-platform multi-network p2p daemon.

Commit message:

add alphabetical index for OCAML.md

languages/OCAML.md, after:

## Alphabetical index of projects in OCAML:

|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|---    |---    |---    |---    |---    |---    |    ---|
|[A](#a)|[B](#b)|[C](#c)|[D](#d)|[E](#e)|[F](#f)|[G](#g)|
|[H](#h)|[I](#i)|[J](#j)|[K](#k)|[L](#l)|[M](#m)|[N](#n)|
|[O](#o)|[P](#p)|[Q](#q)|[R](#r)|[S](#s)|[T](#t)|[U](#u)|
|[V](#v)|[W](#w)|[X](#x)|[Y](#y)|[Z](#z)|       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |

<br>

## B

[**BuckleScript**](https://github.com/bloomberg/bucklescript) is a JavaScript backend for OCaml focused on smooth integration and clean generated code.

## C

[**Coq**](https://github.com/coq/coq) is a formal proof management system. It provides a formal language to write mathematical definitions, executable algorithms and theorems together with an environment for semi-interactive development of machine-checked proofs.

![coq](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*aPH6qIRV-1xlUZat.png)

## F

[**Flow**](https://github.com/facebook/flow) is a static typechecker for JavaScript. To find out more about Flow, check out flowtype.org.

![flow](https://flowtype.org/assets/flow-logo.png)

## I

[**Infer**](https://github.com/facebook/infer) is a static analysis tool for Java, Objective-C and C, written in OCaml.

## M

[**mldonkey**](https://github.com/ygrek/mldonkey) is a cross-platform multi-network p2p daemon.

## R

[**Reason**](https://github.com/facebook/reason) is a alternate syntax for OCaml. It's simple, fast & type safe code that leverages the JavaScript & OCaml ecosystems 

## T
[**Tezos**](https://github.com/tezos/tezos/) is a distributed consensus platform with meta-consensus capability. Tezos not only comes to consensus about state, like BTC or ETH. It also comes to consensus about how the protocol and the nodes should adapt and upgrade.
