languages/PHP.md, before:

## PHP
[**PHP**](https://github.com/php) is an open-source, interpreted, and object-oriented scripting language that can be executed at the server-side.
PHP is a popular general-purpose scripting language that is especially suited to
web development. Fast, flexible and pragmatic, PHP powers everything from your
blog to the most popular websites in the world. PHP is distributed under the
[PHP License v3.01](LICENSE).

PHP was created by Rasmus Lerdorf in 1994 but appeared in the market in 1995. PHP 8.1 is the latest version of PHP, which was released on 30 August 2022.

- PHP stands for Hypertext Preprocessor.
- PHP is an interpreted language.
- PHP is a server-side scripting language.
- PHP can be embedded into HTML.
- PHP is an object-oriented language.
- PHP is an open-source scripting.
- PHP is simple and easy to learn.


## Documentation

The PHP manual is available at [php.net/docs](https://php.net/docs).


---
[**Guzzle**](https://github.com/guzzle/guzzle) is a PHP HTTP client that makes it easy to send HTTP requests and trivial to integrate with web services.

- Simple interface for building query strings, POST requests, streaming large uploads, streaming large downloads, using HTTP cookies, uploading JSON data, etc...
- Can send both synchronous and asynchronous requests using the same interface.
- Uses PSR-7 interfaces for requests, responses, and streams. This allows you to utilize other PSR-7 compatible libraries with Guzzle.
- Abstracts away the underlying HTTP transport, allowing you to write environment and transport agnostic code; i.e., no hard dependency on cURL, PHP streams, sockets, or non-blocking event loops.
- Middleware system allows you to augment and compose client behavior.

---
[**Laravel**](https://github.com/laravel/laravel) is a web development framework. It has a very
efficient and concise API. It covers a lot of web developers needs: an ORM (named Eloquent) and DB
migrations,  Authentication and Authorizations, templating with Blade, routing, Browser testing
(named Laravel Dusk), API only (Lumen), assets compilation, etc. And all very well documented.

Reasons to use Laravel
- Laravel is suitable when developing applications with complex backend requirements, whether small or large. Installing Laravel has been made easier by the introduction of Homestead, a prepackaged, all-in-one vagrant box.
- It’s a PHP framework full of features that will help you customize complex apps. Among these: seamless data migration, MVC architecture support, security, routing, view template engine, and authentication, among many others.
- Laravel is highly expressive, and its speed and security are in line with expectations for a modern web application. For developers who want to build B2B or enterprise websites that will evolve with changing web trends, Laravel is the way to go.

---
[**Symfony**](https://github.com/symfony/symfony) is a web development framework created natively for PHP. The leading PHP framework for creating Web sites and Web applications, with a large community, a passionate group of over 600,000 developers from more than 120 countries, all committed to helping PHP surpass the impossible.
It covers a lot of web developers needs: an ORM (named Doctrine), Authentication and Authorizations(Voters), templating with Twig, routing, built on Symfony components, etc. And a very documented documentation.
The Symfony Philosophy embrace and promote professionalism, best practices, standardization and interoperability of applications.

Reasons to use Symfony
- Symfony is the perfect choice for developing large-scale enterprise projects. It’s easy to install and configure on most platforms.
- One of its key features? It’s reusable PHP components. It also boasts database engine–independence, and it’s stable, complies with most web best practices and design patterns, and allows for integration with other vendor libraries.
- Symfony is also highly flexible and can integrate with bigger projects like Drupal. Symfony and Laravel have many common and unique features, which makes it difficult to say which of these frameworks is better.

---
[**CakePHP**](https://github.com/cakephp/cakephp) is an open source MVC framework. It makes developing, deploying and maintaining applications much easier. CakePHP has number of libraries to reduce the overload of most common tasks. Following are the advantages of using CakePHP.
- Open Source
- MVC Framework
- Templating Engine
- Caching Operations
- Search Engine Friendly URLs
- Easy CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) Database Interactions.
- Libraries and Helpers
- Built-in Validation
- Localization
- Email, Cookie, Security, Session, and Request Handling Components
- View Helpers for AJAX, JavaScript, HTML Forms and More

---
[**Codeigniter**](https://github.com/bcit-ci/CodeIgniter) is an Open Source Application Development Framework - a toolkit - for people who build web sites using PHP. Its goal is to enable you to develop projects much faster than you could if you were writing code from scratch, by providing a rich set of libraries for commonly needed tasks, as well as a simple interface and logical structure to access these libraries. CodeIgniter lets you creatively focus on your project by minimizing the amount of code needed for a given task. Installation of cofeigniter is too easy than other php frameworks.

Following are features of codeigniter.
- a framework with a small footprint.
- Provide exceptional performance.
- a framework that requires nearly zero configuration.
- a framework that does not require you to adhere to restrictive coding rules.
- if You are not interested in large-scale monolithic libraries like PEAR codeigniter is for you.
- no need broad compatibility with standard hosting accounts that run a variety of PHP versions and configurations.
- default seo friendly url
- provides complete freedom for the users as they don't need to depend on the MVC development pattern. Moreover, it allows third-party plugins which can be useful to implement complicated functionalities.
- 
---
[**Phalcon**](https://github.com/phalcon/cphalcon) Phalcon is an open source full stack framework for PHP, written as a C-extension. Phalcon is optimized for high performance. Its unique architecture allows the framework to always be memory resident, offering its functionality whenever it’s needed, without expensive file stats and file reads that traditional PHP frameworks employ.

Reasons to use Phalcon
- Feature rich tool, which they can use to develop powerful applications with low server consumption and high performance.

---
[**Yii**](https://github.com/yiisoft/yii) The Yii framework — which stands for Yes, it is! — is, in fact, simple and evolutionary. It’s a high-performance, component-based PHP framework for developing modern web applications. Yii is suitable for all kinds of web apps. For this reason, it’s a universal web programming framework.

Reasons to use Yii
- Yii has an easy installation process. Furthermore, its robust security features make the framework suitable for highly secure endeavors such as e-commerce projects, portals, CMS, forums, and many others.
- It boasts excellent speed and performance, it’s highly extensible, and it lets developers avoid the complexity of writing repetitive SQL statements, as they can model the database data in terms of objects.
- Yii has a core developer team and experts that contribute to its development. With a massive community using it, you can post issues on Yii forums and get help.
- Yii is extremely extensible, and you can customize nearly every piece of the core’s code. However, if it’s your first time using it, be prepared for a steep learning curve.

---
[**PHPUnit**](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit) The PHPUnit is a programmer-oriented testing framework for PHP. It is an instance of the xUnit architecture for unit testing frameworks.

Reasons to use PHPunit
- Ensure the operation of your application with unit and integration testing
- It is the most used php testing framework in the community
- Integrate with CI/CD tool for higher software quality
- Documentation in many languages

---
[**Collision**](https://github.com/nunomaduro/collision) Collision was created by, and is maintained by Nuno Maduro, and is a package designed to give you beautiful error reporting when interacting with your app through the command line.

Reasons to use Collision
- It's included on Laravel, the most popular free, open-source PHP framework in the world.
- Built on top of the Whoops error handler.
- Supports Laravel, Symfony, PHPUnit, and many other frameworks.

---
[**Slim**](https://github.com/slimphp/Slim) Slim is a PHP micro-framework that helps you quickly write simple yet powerful web applications and APIs.

Reasons to use Slim Framework
- HTTP Router: Slim provides a fast and powerful router that maps route callbacks to specific HTTP request methods and URIs. It supports parameters and pattern matching.
- Middleware: Build your application with concentric middleware to tweak the HTTP request and response objects around your Slim app PSR-7 Support.
- PSR-7 Support: Slim supports any PSR-7 HTTP message implementation so you may inspect and manipulate HTTP message method, status, URI, headers, cookies, and body.
- Dependency Injection: Slim supports dependency injection so you have complete control of your external tools. Use any Container-Interop container.

---
[**DesignPatternsPHP**](https://github.com/DesignPatternsPHP/DesignPatternsPHP) Collection of known design patterns and some sample codes on how to implement them in PHP. Every pattern has a small list of examples.

Reasons to use DesignPatternsPHP
- Problem with patterns is that often people do know them but don't know when to apply which. In this library every patter have examples which helps to understand them better.

Commit message:

Add Fat-Free Framework to php projects
Also fixed an empty bullet point after Codeigniter section.

languages/PHP.md, after:

## PHP
[**PHP**](https://github.com/php) is an open-source, interpreted, and object-oriented scripting language that can be executed at the server-side.
PHP is a popular general-purpose scripting language that is especially suited to
web development. Fast, flexible and pragmatic, PHP powers everything from your
blog to the most popular websites in the world. PHP is distributed under the
[PHP License v3.01](LICENSE).

PHP was created by Rasmus Lerdorf in 1994 but appeared in the market in 1995. PHP 8.1 is the latest version of PHP, which was released on 30 August 2022.

- PHP stands for Hypertext Preprocessor.
- PHP is an interpreted language.
- PHP is a server-side scripting language.
- PHP can be embedded into HTML.
- PHP is an object-oriented language.
- PHP is an open-source scripting.
- PHP is simple and easy to learn.


## Documentation

The PHP manual is available at [php.net/docs](https://php.net/docs).


---
[**Guzzle**](https://github.com/guzzle/guzzle) is a PHP HTTP client that makes it easy to send HTTP requests and trivial to integrate with web services.

- Simple interface for building query strings, POST requests, streaming large uploads, streaming large downloads, using HTTP cookies, uploading JSON data, etc...
- Can send both synchronous and asynchronous requests using the same interface.
- Uses PSR-7 interfaces for requests, responses, and streams. This allows you to utilize other PSR-7 compatible libraries with Guzzle.
- Abstracts away the underlying HTTP transport, allowing you to write environment and transport agnostic code; i.e., no hard dependency on cURL, PHP streams, sockets, or non-blocking event loops.
- Middleware system allows you to augment and compose client behavior.

---
[**Laravel**](https://github.com/laravel/laravel) is a web development framework. It has a very
efficient and concise API. It covers a lot of web developers needs: an ORM (named Eloquent) and DB
migrations,  Authentication and Authorizations, templating with Blade, routing, Browser testing
(named Laravel Dusk), API only (Lumen), assets compilation, etc. And all very well documented.

Reasons to use Laravel
- Laravel is suitable when developing applications with complex backend requirements, whether small or large. Installing Laravel has been made easier by the introduction of Homestead, a prepackaged, all-in-one vagrant box.
- It’s a PHP framework full of features that will help you customize complex apps. Among these: seamless data migration, MVC architecture support, security, routing, view template engine, and authentication, among many others.
- Laravel is highly expressive, and its speed and security are in line with expectations for a modern web application. For developers who want to build B2B or enterprise websites that will evolve with changing web trends, Laravel is the way to go.

---
[**Symfony**](https://github.com/symfony/symfony) is a web development framework created natively for PHP. The leading PHP framework for creating Web sites and Web applications, with a large community, a passionate group of over 600,000 developers from more than 120 countries, all committed to helping PHP surpass the impossible.
It covers a lot of web developers needs: an ORM (named Doctrine), Authentication and Authorizations(Voters), templating with Twig, routing, built on Symfony components, etc. And a very documented documentation.
The Symfony Philosophy embrace and promote professionalism, best practices, standardization and interoperability of applications.

Reasons to use Symfony
- Symfony is the perfect choice for developing large-scale enterprise projects. It’s easy to install and configure on most platforms.
- One of its key features? It’s reusable PHP components. It also boasts database engine–independence, and it’s stable, complies with most web best practices and design patterns, and allows for integration with other vendor libraries.
- Symfony is also highly flexible and can integrate with bigger projects like Drupal. Symfony and Laravel have many common and unique features, which makes it difficult to say which of these frameworks is better.

---
[**CakePHP**](https://github.com/cakephp/cakephp) is an open source MVC framework. It makes developing, deploying and maintaining applications much easier. CakePHP has number of libraries to reduce the overload of most common tasks. Following are the advantages of using CakePHP.
- Open Source
- MVC Framework
- Templating Engine
- Caching Operations
- Search Engine Friendly URLs
- Easy CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) Database Interactions.
- Libraries and Helpers
- Built-in Validation
- Localization
- Email, Cookie, Security, Session, and Request Handling Components
- View Helpers for AJAX, JavaScript, HTML Forms and More

---
[**Codeigniter**](https://github.com/bcit-ci/CodeIgniter) is an Open Source Application Development Framework - a toolkit - for people who build web sites using PHP. Its goal is to enable you to develop projects much faster than you could if you were writing code from scratch, by providing a rich set of libraries for commonly needed tasks, as well as a simple interface and logical structure to access these libraries. CodeIgniter lets you creatively focus on your project by minimizing the amount of code needed for a given task. Installation of cofeigniter is too easy than other php frameworks.

Following are features of codeigniter.
- a framework with a small footprint.
- Provide exceptional performance.
- a framework that requires nearly zero configuration.
- a framework that does not require you to adhere to restrictive coding rules.
- if You are not interested in large-scale monolithic libraries like PEAR codeigniter is for you.
- no need broad compatibility with standard hosting accounts that run a variety of PHP versions and configurations.
- default seo friendly url
- provides complete freedom for the users as they don't need to depend on the MVC development pattern. Moreover, it allows third-party plugins which can be useful to implement complicated functionalities.

---
[**Phalcon**](https://github.com/phalcon/cphalcon) Phalcon is an open source full stack framework for PHP, written as a C-extension. Phalcon is optimized for high performance. Its unique architecture allows the framework to always be memory resident, offering its functionality whenever it’s needed, without expensive file stats and file reads that traditional PHP frameworks employ.

Reasons to use Phalcon
- Feature rich tool, which they can use to develop powerful applications with low server consumption and high performance.

---
[**Yii**](https://github.com/yiisoft/yii) The Yii framework — which stands for Yes, it is! — is, in fact, simple and evolutionary. It’s a high-performance, component-based PHP framework for developing modern web applications. Yii is suitable for all kinds of web apps. For this reason, it’s a universal web programming framework.

Reasons to use Yii
- Yii has an easy installation process. Furthermore, its robust security features make the framework suitable for highly secure endeavors such as e-commerce projects, portals, CMS, forums, and many others.
- It boasts excellent speed and performance, it’s highly extensible, and it lets developers avoid the complexity of writing repetitive SQL statements, as they can model the database data in terms of objects.
- Yii has a core developer team and experts that contribute to its development. With a massive community using it, you can post issues on Yii forums and get help.
- Yii is extremely extensible, and you can customize nearly every piece of the core’s code. However, if it’s your first time using it, be prepared for a steep learning curve.

---
[**PHPUnit**](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit) The PHPUnit is a programmer-oriented testing framework for PHP. It is an instance of the xUnit architecture for unit testing frameworks.

Reasons to use PHPunit
- Ensure the operation of your application with unit and integration testing
- It is the most used php testing framework in the community
- Integrate with CI/CD tool for higher software quality
- Documentation in many languages

---
[**Collision**](https://github.com/nunomaduro/collision) Collision was created by, and is maintained by Nuno Maduro, and is a package designed to give you beautiful error reporting when interacting with your app through the command line.

Reasons to use Collision
- It's included on Laravel, the most popular free, open-source PHP framework in the world.
- Built on top of the Whoops error handler.
- Supports Laravel, Symfony, PHPUnit, and many other frameworks.

---
[**Slim**](https://github.com/slimphp/Slim) Slim is a PHP micro-framework that helps you quickly write simple yet powerful web applications and APIs.

Reasons to use Slim Framework
- HTTP Router: Slim provides a fast and powerful router that maps route callbacks to specific HTTP request methods and URIs. It supports parameters and pattern matching.
- Middleware: Build your application with concentric middleware to tweak the HTTP request and response objects around your Slim app PSR-7 Support.
- PSR-7 Support: Slim supports any PSR-7 HTTP message implementation so you may inspect and manipulate HTTP message method, status, URI, headers, cookies, and body.
- Dependency Injection: Slim supports dependency injection so you have complete control of your external tools. Use any Container-Interop container.

---
[**DesignPatternsPHP**](https://github.com/DesignPatternsPHP/DesignPatternsPHP) Collection of known design patterns and some sample codes on how to implement them in PHP. Every pattern has a small list of examples.

Reasons to use DesignPatternsPHP
- Problem with patterns is that often people do know them but don't know when to apply which. In this library every patter have examples which helps to understand them better.

---
[**Fat-Free Framework**](https://github.com/bcosca/fatfree) A powerful yet easy-to-use PHP micro-framework designed to help you build dynamic and robust Web applications - fast! The philosophy behind the framework and its approach to software architecture is towards minimalism in structural components, avoiding application complexity and striking a balance between code elegance, application performance and programmer productivity.

Reasons to use Fat-Free Framework
- No complex configuration required.
- No convoluted directory structures.
- Supports both SQL and NoSQL databases off-the-shelf: MySQL, SQLite, MSSQL/Sybase, PostgreSQL, DB2, and MongoDB.
- Fast and clean template engine.
- Unit testing toolkit.
- Comes with optional plug-ins that extend its capabilities.
