languages/SHELL.md, before:

## Shell

[**git-secret**](https://github.com/sobolevn/git-secret)  —  a bash tool to store your private data inside a git repo. How’s that? Basically, it just encrypts, using gpg, the tracked files with the public keys of all the users that you trust. So everyone of them can decrypt these files using only their personal secret key. Why deal with all this private-public keys stuff? Well, to make it easier for everyone to manage access rights. There are no passwords that change. When someone is out - just delete his public key, re-encrypt the files, and he won’t be able to decrypt secrets anymore.

![git-secret](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*ksb58FDyPxbZ5869.png)

---
[**dokku**](https://github.com/dokku/dokku) is a docker powered mini-Heroku. The smallest PaaS implementation you’ve ever seen.

![dokku](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*2L6kj4dbuMGhKber.)

---
[**pyenv**](https://github.com/yyuu/pyenv) lets you easily switch between multiple versions of Python. It’s simple, unobtrusive, and follows the UNIX tradition of single-purpose tools that do one thing well.

![pyenv](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/0e35e6235405bbcfcc0541b52c62dbd72094dde3/68747470733a2f2f692e6779617a6f2e636f6d2f36393961353839323762373765343665373163643637346337666337613738642e706e67)

---
[**oh-my-zsh**](https://github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh) - a delightful community-driven (with 1,000+ contributors) framework for managing your zsh configuration. Includes 200+ optional plugins (rails, git, OSX, hub, capistrano, brew, ant, php, python, etc), over 140 themes to spice up your morning, and an auto-update tool so that makes it easy to keep up with the latest updates from the community. 

![ohmyzsh](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/5c385f15f3eaedb72cfcfbbaf75355b700ac0757/68747470733a2f2f73332e616d617a6f6e6177732e636f6d2f6f686d797a73682f6f682d6d792d7a73682d6c6f676f2e706e67)

---
[**Kerl**](https://github.com/kerl/kerl). Easy building and installing of Erlang/OTP instances. Kerl aims to be shell agnostic and its only dependencies, excluding what's required to actually build Erlang/OTP, are curl and git. All is done so that, once a specific release has been built, creating a new installation is as fast as possible.

---
[**Mal**](https://github.com/kanaka/mal). Mal is a Clojure inspired Lisp interpreter

Commit message:

Add prezto framework to readme SHELL (#197)

languages/SHELL.md, after:

## Shell

[**git-secret**](https://github.com/sobolevn/git-secret)  —  a bash tool to store your private data inside a git repo. How’s that? Basically, it just encrypts, using gpg, the tracked files with the public keys of all the users that you trust. So everyone of them can decrypt these files using only their personal secret key. Why deal with all this private-public keys stuff? Well, to make it easier for everyone to manage access rights. There are no passwords that change. When someone is out - just delete his public key, re-encrypt the files, and he won’t be able to decrypt secrets anymore.

![git-secret](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*ksb58FDyPxbZ5869.png)

---
[**dokku**](https://github.com/dokku/dokku) is a docker powered mini-Heroku. The smallest PaaS implementation you’ve ever seen.

![dokku](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*2L6kj4dbuMGhKber.)

---
[**pyenv**](https://github.com/yyuu/pyenv) lets you easily switch between multiple versions of Python. It’s simple, unobtrusive, and follows the UNIX tradition of single-purpose tools that do one thing well.

![pyenv](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/0e35e6235405bbcfcc0541b52c62dbd72094dde3/68747470733a2f2f692e6779617a6f2e636f6d2f36393961353839323762373765343665373163643637346337666337613738642e706e67)

---
[**oh-my-zsh**](https://github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh) - a delightful community-driven (with 1,000+ contributors) framework for managing your zsh configuration. Includes 200+ optional plugins (rails, git, OSX, hub, capistrano, brew, ant, php, python, etc), over 140 themes to spice up your morning, and an auto-update tool so that makes it easy to keep up with the latest updates from the community. 

![ohmyzsh](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/5c385f15f3eaedb72cfcfbbaf75355b700ac0757/68747470733a2f2f73332e616d617a6f6e6177732e636f6d2f6f686d797a73682f6f682d6d792d7a73682d6c6f676f2e706e67)

---
[**Prezto**](https://github.com/sorin-ionescu/prezto) is a configuration framework for Zsh. It comes supplied with a variety of plugins and themes that can extend and customise your shell.

---
[**Kerl**](https://github.com/kerl/kerl). Easy building and installing of Erlang/OTP instances. Kerl aims to be shell agnostic and its only dependencies, excluding what's required to actually build Erlang/OTP, are curl and git. All is done so that, once a specific release has been built, creating a new installation is as fast as possible.

---
[**Mal**](https://github.com/kanaka/mal). Mal is a Clojure inspired Lisp interpreter
