languages/SWIFT.md, before:

## Alphabetical index of projects in Swift:

|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|---    |---    |---    |---    |---    |---    |    ---|
|[A](#a)|[B](#b)|[C](#c)|[D](#d)|[E](#e)|[F](#f)|[G](#g)|
|[H](#h)|[I](#i)|[J](#j)|[K](#k)|[L](#l)|[M](#m)|[N](#n)|
|[O](#o)|[P](#p)|[Q](#q)|[R](#r)|[S](#s)|[T](#t)|[U](#u)|
|[V](#v)|[W](#w)|[X](#x)|[Y](#y)|[Z](#z)|       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |

<br>

## A

[**Alamofire**](https://github.com/Alamofire/Alamofire)  —  an HTTP networking library written in Swift.

![alamofire](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*43-l81sYoWldjAH6.png)

## C

[**Carthage**](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage) is intended to be the simplest way to add frameworks to your Cocoa application.

Carthage builds your dependencies and provides you with binary frameworks, but you retain full control over your project structure and setup. Carthage does not automatically modify your project files or your build settings.

![ca](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Carthage/Carthage/master/Logo/PNG/header.png)

## E

[**Eureka**](https://github.com/xmartlabs/Eureka)  is an elegant iOS form builder in Swift.

![eureka](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*rGunV2H37sBhlJQG.jpg)

## H

[**Hero**](https://github.com/lkzhao/Hero) is a library for building iOS view controller transitions. It provides a layer on top of the UIKit's cumbersome transition APIs. Making custom transitions an easy task for developers.

![1](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/c33962467b29e6eeae1744ced0147580677cd2f0/68747470733a2f2f63646e2e7261776769742e636f6d2f6c6b7a68616f2f4865726f2f653663373736323966636632656131633962383532366637346432353061326665613638616535632f5265736f75726365732f62617369632e737667)
![2](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/b8c5bbc504da5381fb81f1a2076234ee32c07e40/68747470733a2f2f63646e2e7261776769742e636f6d2f6c6b7a68616f2f4865726f2f623866303130353165396538636530636463386562373838386336643766666132333434643936612f5265736f75726365732f656666656374732e737667)

## I

[**IINA**](https://github.com/lhc70000/iina) is the modern video player for macOS.

![iina](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lhc70000/iina/develop/iina/Assets.xcassets/AppIcon.appiconset/256-1.png)

## K

[**Kingfisher**](https://github.com/onevcat/Kingfisher) is a lightweight, pure-Swift library for downloading and caching images from the web. This project is heavily inspired by the popular SDWebImage. It provides you a chance to use a pure-Swift alternative in your next app.

![kf](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*lHU8xnXxXuQOZSAB.png)


## Q

[**Quick**](https://github.com/Quick/Quick) is a behavior-driven development framework for Swift and Objective-C. Inspired by RSpec, Specta, and Ginkgo.

![quick](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*ikCHOnueH08gf26M.png)

## S

[**SwiftLint**](https://github.com/realm/SwiftLint)  —  a tool to enforce Swift style and conventions.

![sl](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*J9saJJAgjFZjMykS.png)

## T

[**Themis**](https://github.com/cossacklabs/themis) - a multi-platform framework for solving typical data security tasks: secure data storage, secure messaging, zero-knowledge proof authentication, etc. Themis has unified easy-to-use hard-to-misuse API for 14 languages and platforms, so it's a best fit for multi-platform apps and apps with end-to-end encryption. It hides cryptographic details, so developers don't need to know the difference between AES CBC mode and AES GCM mode to encrypt the data. Recommended by OWASP MASVS.

![Themis encryption framework](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wiki/cossacklabs/themis/images/logo.png)

## V

[**Vapor**](https://github.com/vapor/vapor) —  the most used web framework for Swift. It provides a beautifully expressive and easy to use foundation for your next website, API, or cloud project.

![vapor](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*ARXIYxrCPsWYDGv0.jpg)

---

Commit message:

Update SWIFT.md (#420)
Added nuke repo link

languages/SWIFT.md, after:

## Alphabetical index of projects in Swift:

|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|---    |---    |---    |---    |---    |---    |    ---|
|[A](#a)|[B](#b)|[C](#c)|[D](#d)|[E](#e)|[F](#f)|[G](#g)|
|[H](#h)|[I](#i)|[J](#j)|[K](#k)|[L](#l)|[M](#m)|[N](#n)|
|[O](#o)|[P](#p)|[Q](#q)|[R](#r)|[S](#s)|[T](#t)|[U](#u)|
|[V](#v)|[W](#w)|[X](#x)|[Y](#y)|[Z](#z)|       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |

<br>

## A

[**Alamofire**](https://github.com/Alamofire/Alamofire)  —  an HTTP networking library written in Swift.

![alamofire](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*43-l81sYoWldjAH6.png)

## C

[**Carthage**](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage) is intended to be the simplest way to add frameworks to your Cocoa application.

Carthage builds your dependencies and provides you with binary frameworks, but you retain full control over your project structure and setup. Carthage does not automatically modify your project files or your build settings.

![ca](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Carthage/Carthage/master/Logo/PNG/header.png)

## E

[**Eureka**](https://github.com/xmartlabs/Eureka)  is an elegant iOS form builder in Swift.

![eureka](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*rGunV2H37sBhlJQG.jpg)

## H

[**Hero**](https://github.com/lkzhao/Hero) is a library for building iOS view controller transitions. It provides a layer on top of the UIKit's cumbersome transition APIs. Making custom transitions an easy task for developers.

![1](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/c33962467b29e6eeae1744ced0147580677cd2f0/68747470733a2f2f63646e2e7261776769742e636f6d2f6c6b7a68616f2f4865726f2f653663373736323966636632656131633962383532366637346432353061326665613638616535632f5265736f75726365732f62617369632e737667)
![2](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/b8c5bbc504da5381fb81f1a2076234ee32c07e40/68747470733a2f2f63646e2e7261776769742e636f6d2f6c6b7a68616f2f4865726f2f623866303130353165396538636530636463386562373838386336643766666132333434643936612f5265736f75726365732f656666656374732e737667)

## I

[**IINA**](https://github.com/lhc70000/iina) is the modern video player for macOS.

![iina](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lhc70000/iina/develop/iina/Assets.xcassets/AppIcon.appiconset/256-1.png)

## K

[**Kingfisher**](https://github.com/onevcat/Kingfisher) is a lightweight, pure-Swift library for downloading and caching images from the web. This project is heavily inspired by the popular SDWebImage. It provides you a chance to use a pure-Swift alternative in your next app.

![kf](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*lHU8xnXxXuQOZSAB.png)

## N

[**Nuke**](https://github.com/kean/Nuke)  —  Nuke provides an efficient way to download and display images in your app. It's easy to learn and use. Its architecture enables many powerful features while offering virtually unlimited possibilities for customization.

![Nuke](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1567433/114792417-57c1d080-9d56-11eb-8035-dc07cfd7557f.png)

## Q

[**Quick**](https://github.com/Quick/Quick) is a behavior-driven development framework for Swift and Objective-C. Inspired by RSpec, Specta, and Ginkgo.

![quick](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*ikCHOnueH08gf26M.png)

## S

[**SwiftLint**](https://github.com/realm/SwiftLint)  —  a tool to enforce Swift style and conventions.

![sl](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*J9saJJAgjFZjMykS.png)

## T

[**Themis**](https://github.com/cossacklabs/themis) - a multi-platform framework for solving typical data security tasks: secure data storage, secure messaging, zero-knowledge proof authentication, etc. Themis has unified easy-to-use hard-to-misuse API for 14 languages and platforms, so it's a best fit for multi-platform apps and apps with end-to-end encryption. It hides cryptographic details, so developers don't need to know the difference between AES CBC mode and AES GCM mode to encrypt the data. Recommended by OWASP MASVS.

![Themis encryption framework](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wiki/cossacklabs/themis/images/logo.png)

## V

[**Vapor**](https://github.com/vapor/vapor) —  the most used web framework for Swift. It provides a beautifully expressive and easy to use foundation for your next website, API, or cloud project.

![vapor](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/720/0*ARXIYxrCPsWYDGv0.jpg)

---
